"Breaking - Amazon $AMZN signed the biggest rocket deal in the commercial space industry's history, for up to 83 launches of its Project Kuiper internet satellites.  The contracts are worth billions in total for ULA, Arianespace, and Blue Origin: "
"The U.S. Air Force's 388th Fighter Wing tested SpaceX's Starlink last month in Utah as a communications option for supporting the F-35A fighter jet:  "
"U.S. Space Force Brig. Gen. Stephen Purdy recently visited SpaceXs Starbase facility in Texas and is watching Starship closely:  Its an amazing facility that gives you a lot of ideas of what the future could be. "
"Due the vent valve issue, the launch director has called off the test for the day. The team is preparing to offload LOX and will begin discussing how quickly the vehicle can be turned around for the next attempt. A lot of great learning and progress today.-JP"
"The countdown clock has now resumed at T-6:40 and counting. Teams are beginning cryo prep activities. Coming up we have chill down operations and pressurization of the interim cryogenic propulsion stage (ICPS) helium bottles.-JP MORE: "
"The SLS countdown clocks remains in an extended hold. The timeline is now running more than three hours behind schedule today for the Artemis 1 wet dress rehearsal, and the last official update from NASA came more than hour ago.  "
"A two day schedule slip for SpaceX launching Axiom's Ax-1 mission, from April 6 to April 8 (Friday): "
"Elon Musk does not have a Twitter account, anyone who claims to be the ""real"" Elon Musk is a fraud."
"Turnaround ops went well last night and team is in good shape in preps for tanking. Starting Air to GN2 switchover. Mission management team is meeting now to be briefed on the fan issue and give the ""go"" to proceed with tanking. SLS &amp; Orion are powered up.-JP"
"Twitter shares soar more than 25% after filing says Elon Musk has taken a 9% stake in the social media company "
"NASA is postponing the SLS wet dress rehearsal for Artemis I, saying the scrub is ""due to loss of ability to pressurize the mobile launcher.""  Next opportunity is tomorrow  but that depends on technical readiness. "
"(1/2) The launch team is continuing to monitor severe weather in the area surrounding LC 39B. This afternoon, one of the three, nearly 600 ft lightning towers was struck. The lightning protection system works together to protect the rocket from lightning strikes."
"Were kicking off April with a fiery start! We recently completed our first successful Stage 2 60-second full duration hotfire test at @NASAStennis. This milestone is the result of a tremendous amount of hard work by our world-class team. Check it out! #RelativitySpace #GLHF "
"After ISS partners refused to lift sanctions on Russian companies by Rogozins deadline of the end of March, his decision about the future of ISS in this thread is to make proposals on ending cooperation on the ISS in the near future. "
"We have lift-off! Electron is in the air for our 25th mission. "
"With an incredible team, partners, and a few design iterations - perseverance and focus won once again. We are steps away from demonstrating the world's highest performance combustion chamber of its class - thanks to LOX cooling. And lowest cost thanks to 3D printing. "
"@thesheetztweetz Welcome to life on Dragon. Cant beat the views, and the engines got rhythm. "
"we are working on an edit button"
"Axiom is hosting an Ax-1 pre-launch press conference, with:  CEO Michael Suffredini Ax-2 commander Peggy Whitson Ax-1 commander Michael Lpez-Alegra Ax-1 pilot Larry Connor Ax-1 mission specialists Eytan Stibbe &amp; Mark Pathy  Thread, and livestream: "
"SpaceX is about 10 minutes away from attempting to launch the Transporter-4 rideshare mission, carrying a variety of 40 spacecraft.  This Falcon 9 rocket booster has launched and landed six previous times.  Livestream: "
"The sounds of @inspiration4x DragonResilience during a phasing burn.I described in moment as an orchestra but its a more percussion-like rhythm &amp; very pleasant. So thankful for @SpaceX's talented team &amp; all the giants @NASA whose shoulders we stand on. @PolarisProgram up soon "
"SpaceX's Crew Dragon Endeavour on its way for Axiom's Ax-1, the spacecraft's third mission to date: "
"Redwire $RDW full year 2021 results:  Revenue: $137.6 million  Adj. EBITDA: $1.3 million  Backlog: $271.6 million "
"ULA CEO @torybruno tells @offnom that the company has sold 35 Vulcan rocket launches so far. "
"AST SpaceMobile $ASTS Q4 results:  Revenue: $6.2 million  Total operating expenses: $31.3 million  Cash: $324.5 million "
"Planet Labs $PL Q4 results:  Revenue: $37.1 million  Adj. EBITDA: -$16.7 million  Cash: $490.8 million "
"Astra $ASTR Q4 results  Adj. EBITDA: -$36.1 million  Backlog: $160 million  Cash: $325 million "
"NASA's Steve Stich says the SpaceX Crew-5 mission is ""likely"" to be scheduled for ""the September timeframe."""
"NASA's @KathyLueders says that ""all of our international partners, including Roscosmos, are making progress on moving towards"" extending the lifespan of the International Space Station to 2030. "
"SpaceX VP of customer operations and integration Jessica Jensen says that, with the company's fleet of Crew Dragon capsules at 4, the company is working with NASA to certify the spacecraft for 5 flights each  for 20 missions total. "
"NASA's Steve Stich announces the SpaceX Crew-4 launch is delaying by one day  to no earlier than 4/20  allowing for more time after the Axiom Ax-1 mission. "
"We at @a16z are thrilled to support @2112Power and the entire Hadrian team as they build factories that transform the aerospace and defense supply chain.  The factory is the product.  "
"Announcing our Series A (lead by @breeves08 at Lux) and A-Prime (lead by @KTmBoyle at A16Z), 12 months after our seed.  We've proven we can make spaceflight hardware 10x faster than anyone else, and we'll use $90m in new funding to scale Hadrian factories to meet insane demand. "
"Exclusive  Hadrian Automation raised $90 million in a round led by @Lux_Capital and @a16z, as the company builds machining factories to transform the supply chain for U.S. space, aerospace, and defense companies: "
"A short clip of Blue Origin recently testing its BE-7 lunar lander engine at NASA's Marshall center: "
"Blue Origin is less than an hour away from its first New Shepard crew launch of 2022, carrying another six passengers.  Livestream: "
"Redwire $RDW will report Q4 results tomorrow after the markets close:  Additionally, the company says an ""independent investigation into potential accounting issues at a business subunit is resolved."" "
"Virgin Galactic is pleased to announce that Kelly Latimer has been promoted to Director of Flight Test. Kelly, who became our first female test pilot in 2015, will oversee the entirety of our flight test program.   Read More: "
"SEC targets SPACs with new rules about forecasts, mergers "
"Had an awesome time meeting @VP last night in celebration of #WomensHistoryMonth! Shes so inspirational &amp; Im grateful for all the support Ive gotten throughout my career - especially for @inspiration4x/@SpaceX for enabling me to inspire those within my reach &amp; beyond.  "
"TIME named three space ventures to its 100 Most Influential Companies of 2022:  @Astroscale_US @Axiom_Space @spinlaunch "
"Welcome home, @Astro_Sabot!  Setting the record for longest single NASA spaceflight, Mark Vande Hei spent 355 days off the planet. He contributed to hundreds of science experiments that benefit life on Earth and will help shape future deep space missions: "
"And there they are! "
"I wonder if the media was allowed in to cover this? "
"@Free_Space @thesheetztweetz @AviationWeek SpaceX will do the right thing for OneWeb, even though they are a competitor"
"Some tidbits on the OneWeb SpaceX launch deal upcoming in next issue of @AviationWeek "
"Virgin Orbit $VORB full year 2022 results:  Revenue: $7.4 million  Adj. EBITDA: -$140.4 million  Cash: $194.2 million  Backlog: $575 million ($152 million of which is binding agreements) "
"The SLS wet dress rehearsal is approaching fast and NASA is still working on a countdown timeline to release to the press and public. This is the level of detail reporters had for the Endeavour Flight Readiness Firing in 1992. "
"@joroulette Sigh.  ITAR has been the excuse for so much ridiculousness over the years."
"@joroulette As Stephen Clark points out, there are no cryogenic ballistic missile systems."
"NASA's Tom Whitmeyer says press won't have access to countdown loops for the Space Launch System's wet dress rehearsal next week (breaking frm tradition) because of ITAR concerns and fears that adversaries will glean cryogenic timing info for clues into ballistic missile systems."
"Congratulations to ULA's @torybruno for winning the AAS Space Flight Award, the highest award bestowed by the AAS, recognizing an individual whose outstanding efforts and achievements have contributed most significantly to the advancement of space flight and space exploration! "
"Three Tesla Model 3s Saved Berea, KY PD $24K on Fuel &amp; Maintenance in Just a Year    #Tesla   "
"So...  @elonmusk now owns a 9.2% passive stake in Twitter. That's awesome!  And in the first order of business, we'd like the SEC to verify their account; to, you know, confirm they're not compromised robots and such...  The relevant CAPTCHA is attached for your convenience. "
"{\__/}          {\__/} ( _)      ( .  )   / &gt;        \/       \/  Tesla flower   @JoeTegtmeyer "
"Tesla Service Center in Mexico Welcomed the Mayor of Naucalpan   #Tesla #Mexico   "
"Missed out on our virtual #HenkelAGM? Here you can find all information: "
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys a 9.2% Stake in Twitter, Becoming Largest Shareholder   #ElonMusk #Twitter  "
"Tesla Giga Texas Starts Production of Red Multi-Coat Model Ys   #Tesla #GigaTexas  #ModelY  "
"After today's news from Bucha, Irpin, Hostomel and other liberated cities, my hands drop. Russian soldiers, among other crimes, raped children and killed them. My brain refuses to believe that this is real, but it is..."
"Die Bilder aus #Butscha sind unertrglich. Putins hemmungslose Gewalt lscht unschuldige Familien aus und kennt keine Grenzen. 1/2"
"Tesla Model 3 &amp; Y Are Switzerlands Best-Selling EVs in Q1 2022   #Tesla #Switzerland #Model3 #ModelY   "
"Tesla Community Stands United in Aid of Ukrainians Suffering from War   Thanks to everyone who supports the Ukrainians and me!  #Tesla #Ukraine  "
"troops liberated part of the lands occupied by . Thousands of dead were found there, some of whom were tortured. Women were raped in front of their children&amp;relatives. Children were used as human shields, covering military equipment. Russians are not humans, they are monsters "
"Leaked document from Russia with order to film propaganda videos in order to discredit the attitude of Ukrainian forces to POWs "
"Tesla Model 3 LR Is Most Efficient Electric Vehicle, Per Zutobi EV Miles Report   #Tesla #Model3  "
"@SawyerMerritt @Tesla This was an *exceptionally* difficult quarter due to supply chain interruptions &amp; China zero Covid policy.  Outstanding work by Tesla team &amp; key suppliers saved the day."
"Tesla Announces the Date for its Financial Results &amp; Earnings Call for Q1 2022   #Tesla $TSLA   "
"Tesla Delivered Over 310K Vehicles in Q1 2022, Impressing with Productivity   #Tesla $TSLA  "
"It was an impressive quarter, with the Tesla team once again demonstrating top-notch work. Congratulations!!!   With the launch of Giga Berlin and Giga Texas, 2022 will be insane  "
"Flying Through Giga Berlin"
"#Starlink managed to resume mobile communications in liberated #Irpin and #Romanivka.  This is the first such case in #Ukraine and the second in the world, the #Ukrainian media reported. "
"Tesla Model 3 Became the #1 EV in Spain  in Q1, Surpassing its Own Sales for All of 2021   #Tesla #Spain #Model3   "
"By open source, 2 squadrons of F-15s or 16s (thats 12 aircraft with better tech than Russian Migs or SUs) quickly trainable (3 weeks) to Ukrainian aviators would cost private sector buyers approx $300M. Add another $200M inmissile defense for a total of $500M. (1/2)"
"Tesla Model 3 Leads the EV Market in France, Spearheading the EV Revolution in Q1   #Tesla #France #Model3  "
"Tesla Giga Texas Amazed US Labor Secretary Who Got a Personal Tour from Elon Musk   #Tesla #GigaTexas #ElonMusk  "
"Tesla Model 3 Joins the Fleet of Linn Creek PD in Missouri   #Tesla #Model3   "
"Tesla Published a Patent for Development of 4680 Battery Cells: ""Sintered cathode active material elements and methods thereof""   #Tesla #TeslaPatent  "
"Falcon 9s first stage has landed on the Just Read the Instructions droneship "
"Tesla Takes 18%+ EV Market Share in Norway in Q1 with Model Y &amp; Model 3 at Top of List   #Tesla #Norway #ModelY #Model3  "
"Tesla Model 3 to Join Kyte's Car-on-Demand Fleet  #Tesla #Model3  "
"Tesla's Success Is a Matter of US National Security  #Tesla  "
"Targeting Friday, April 1 for launch of our fourth dedicated smallsat rideshare mission; teams are keeping an eye on weather as the latest forecast shows a 30% chance of favorable liftoff conditions "
"First Giga Berlin-Made Tesla Model Ys Deliver to Owners in Italy   #Tesla #ModelY #GigaBerlin #Italy  "
"Elon Musk to Attend ONS Conference to Discuss Key Aspects of the Global Energy Problem   #CleanEnergy #ElonMusk   "
"Tesla FSD Beta Should Be Available in Europe for LHD Cars this Summer, Elon Musk Confirms  #Tesla #FSDBeta #Europe  "
"Sunrise of a new civilization   : @cnunezimages "
"Tesla Giga Berlin is finally launched! I love it!   ""Optimism, pessimism, fuck that; we're going to make it happen. As God is my bloody witness, I'm hell-bent on making it work."" Elon Musk "
"Tesla Strikes Nickel Supply Deal with Vale SA, Sources Say   #Tesla #Nickel   "
"Tesla Megapacks Selected for 100 MW/200 MWh BESS by Australian State Utility   #Tesla #Megapack   "
"Just updated my NFTs in OpenSea. You can be one of the lucky (hopefully) owners of one or more of them  "
"Tesla Giga Berlin-Made Model Ys Are Delivered to Mannheim, Germany    #Tesla #GigaBerlin #ModelY  "
"Tesla Giga Berlin Nominated as Innovation Location of the Year by Die Deutsche Wirtschaft   #Tesla #GigaBerlin   "
"@Free_Space @thesheetztweetz @AviationWeek SpaceX will do the right thing for OneWeb, even though they are a competitor"
"Mars.. @elonmusk "
"First Giga Berlin-Made Model Ys for Denmark Are Delivered   #Tesla #GigaBerlin #ModelY  "
"Tesla May Open Superchargers in UK to All EVs in a Few Weeks, Transport Secretary Says   #Tesla #Supercharger #UK  "
"London Funds Purchase 100 Tesla Model 3s for Vehicle-as-a-Service Provider Breathe  #Tesla #EV #UK  "
"Proud to be part of the #EUCarbon+Coalition that's promoting climate smart Ag practices &amp; designing innovative solutions for farmers to further the #EUGreenDeal. New @wef report out now shows how these practices support the transition to Net Zero, read on:"
"1/3 Our Planet Federal arm equips federal civilian agencies and national intelligence communities with advanced satellite monitoring capabilities. To learn more, find this team in-person at three exciting events beginning next week  "
"Using PlanetScope data, @amnesty is monitoring illegal deforestation &amp; working to protect Cambodias Prey Lang Sanctuary, a cultural center for the indigenous Kuy people. Learn more: "
"Recent commercial satellite imagery shows increased activity at #DPRK's Sohae Satellite Launching Station launch pad and VIP areas around the complex. Analysis by @j3nnyt0wn, Peter Makowsky, @OlliHeinonen and Jack Liu. "
"Not cool. AP &amp; Axios report on an apparent shelling of a Red Cross warehouse in Mariupol,  @planet   "
"Were back in high latitudes this #ScienceWednesday! With PlanetScope data, researchers from the @UofMaryland, @SUNY, and @nature_org quantified seasonal inland ice and water dynamics, which impact biodiversity and ecosystem services globally. Learn more: "
"SpaceX's upgraded Super Heavy booster sails through first major test "
"US Air Force tests Elon Musks Starlink for F-35A Lightning II communications "
"Tesla analysts still confident in $TSLA despite Giga Shanghai shutdown and supply chain challenges "
"Fords electrified vehicle conquest rate is growing and climbed to 51 percent  up six percentage points over last year, the automaker added in its monthly sales release. "
"Tesla increases price of base Model 3 in Germany by 7,000 "
"Teslas Elon Musk asks Twitter users if they want an edit button "
"Hertz told Teslarati initial orders will be model year 2022s for the international division, with 2023 Polestar 2s in the United States. Other models could be included in the future, the company told us. "
"SpaceX prepares to launch first fully-private astronaut mission to the International Space Station on April 8th "
"Elon Musk asked users to vote on Twitter's $TWTR censorship. ""The consequences of this poll will be important. Please vote carefully.""  Over 70% said the site didn't adhere to the principles free speech.  Now, he's the platform's largest shareholder.  "
"Ford announces major strides in electrified sales in March, its only point of growth for the month "
"A Tesla Model 3 modified by Unplugged Performance ran a 1.49.90 lap at Buttonwillow Raceway Park.  That's over a half second quicker than the Porsche 911 GT2 RS, which has a record of 1:50.42 at Buttonwillow.  "
"Elon Musk could have active stake in Twitter $TWTR 'over the coming weeks or month:' Wedbush "
"DeLorean teases its first electric vehicle, set for official unveiling on August 18 "
"Hertz expands EV offerings with new Polestar partnership for 65,000 vehicles "
"Tesla Semi pays a visit to Giga Texas ahead of Cyber Rodeo event "
"Biden official shares insights after meeting with Teslas Elon Musk in Giga Texas "
"Tesla bucked the industry with its Q1 results  now $TSLA is seeing momentum "
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk takes 9.2% stake on Twitter, shares soar over 25% "
"SpaceX's second private Crew Dragon astronaut launch delayed again "
"Tesla Model 3 with bolt-on parts matches Porsche 911 GT2 RS record at Buttonwillow "
"Tesla patent explores novel integrated seat temperature control system "
"Tesla workers and suppliers were reportedly notified that Giga Shanghai won't be able to reopen on Monday as intended "
"Tesla Cyber Rodeo gets Del Valle ISD students out of school early on April 7 "
"Tesla produced a total of 305,407 vehicles in the first quarter while delivering 310,048 in the first quarter of 2022 "
"SpaceX aces 12th launch of 2022, delivering dozens of satellites to orbit "
"Tesla Gigafactory Shanghai wont be able to reopen on Monday as intended: report "
"The Falcon 9 looked at the weather and decided to go land near the Bahamas for a cruise back to Florida aboard Just Read the Instructions for a few days. That's now 7 successful missions for B1061!  : @RDAnglePhoto "
"Tesla sets another record quarter with 310,048 vehicle deliveries in Q1 2022 "
"Tesla is set to announce delivery and production figures for Q1 2022 tomorrow, and analysts believe it will likely be another record quarter  "
"Rivian is one of many automakers being affected by the Russia-Ukraine conflict  "
"Tesla Insurance rolls out Safety Scores for California drivers, but don't expect your premium to change  "
"Transporter 4 heading towards orbit courtesy of the #SpaceX #Falcon9! The rideshare mission is in the process of deploying all satellites. Thankful for the break in the weather to get the mission started!   for @Teslarati "
"Mining expert commends Biden for invoking Act to surge domestic production of EV materials "
"US Labor Sec: Elon Musk 'not opposed' to unionization 'if workers were interested' "
"Tesla set to announce another quarterly delivery record as EV interest skyrockets "
"A serious switch to EVs like Tesla could help save US public health system $1.2 trillion by 2050 "
"Tesla Insurance Safety Score system now available for CA drivers, but they dont affect premiums yet "
"SpaceX set to launch 40 satellites on fourth dedicated rideshare mission [webcast] "
"Linn Creek Police Department Chief Jeff Christiansen believes that a Tesla Model 3 is a good investment, stating that the vehicle would save costs in the long run.  "
"Rivian links supply chain woes to ongoing Ukraine-Russian conflict "
"Tesla Model 3 added to MO Police Departments fleet "
"Kyte car service launches Tesla Model 3 fleet for $995 per month  "
"An outbreak of COVID-19 in China has extended the production halt at Tesla's Gigafactory Shanghai  "
"Biden invokes Defense Production Act to push domestic material sourcing for sustainable energy "
"Rivian expects 'continuing losses' for foreseeable future as it ramps production "
"Faraday Future executives receive subpoenas from SEC, says it is 'cooperating fully' "
"Car rental company launches Tesla fleet in CA, NY, NJ with Model 3 for $995 per month "
"FEATURE: Tesla Autopilot and FSD Beta can be a remedy for drivers with PTSD  even in their imperfect state "
"Tesla-style Giga Presses and Megacasts on the cards for Volkswagens future EV plans "
"SpaceX rolls upgraded Super Heavy booster to the launch pad "
"Tesla Gigafactory Shanghais production pause extended to April 2: report "
"Tesla Giga Berlin sends off first Model Y vehicles for Europe deliveries "
"Tesla Model 3 driver accidentally lands on top of an ambulance, injuring 3 "
"Tesla Bull Cathie Wood offloads $205M $TSLA shares "
"U.S. President Joe Biden could use the Defense Production Act within the coming days to boost the production of materials used in electric vehicle batteries.  "
"Tesla used a 'secret' nickel deal to avoid shortages and gain an advantage against competitors in a growing sector "
"SpaceX's Starship Moon lander could go unused for three years between missions according to new NASA schedule "
"Tesla $TSLA valuation should not be benchmarked against traditional automakers, top analyst says "
"Tesla stands alone in year-over-year growth among major automakers "
"Biden could use Defense Production Act for EV battery material production boost "
"Tesla shows foresight with undisclosed nickel supply deal with Vale: report "
"SpaceX to end Crew Dragon capsule production as Starship's shadow grows "
"GM to expedite Hummer EV production as reservations increase to 65,000 "
"Tesla, GM supplier Aptiv suspends operations amid Covid outbreak in Shanghai "
"UAW President reveals he has yet to talk to Elon Musk about Teslas possible union vote "
"Volvo Trucks receives record order for 126 electric semis from Maersk-owned Performance Team "
"NASA contracts SpaceX for a second crewed Starship Moon landing "
"Tesla $TSLA manufacturing prowess, stock split plans indicate 'massive position of strength:' Wedbush "
"Elon Musk calls out the UAW for embezzling money from its workers "
"Teslas Elon Musk cites popular Eminem rap song in latest response to SEC "
"Tesla, GM supplier Aptiv suspends operations in Shanghai amid citys anti-Covid efforts "
"Tesla critics Nabu and Green League are considering a lawsuit against Giga Berlin "
"LG Energy Solution (LGES) and Stellantis entered into a joint venture to invest more than CAD$5 billion (US$4.1 billion) into a large-scale lithium-ion battery production facility in Canada.  "
"Tesla Model S Plaid spotted being benchmarked by General Motors: report "
"Sometimes, a hard choice has to be made.  "
"Petition for Microsoft to bring Rover the dog back, because whatever it is you have going on now isn't working.   "
"NO JOKE!  Limited time only, we're dropping AORUS April deals on selected laptops and monitors for one week and you'll like it. Don't miss out the chance to upgrade your battle station!   "
"Even if some still say that the human eye can't grasp them anyway (it's a lie, they do). "
"Get ready to game with this first look at our limited-edition #IntelArc A-Series graphics card for desktop.  See it in 4K: "
"These 3090ti power requirements are quite something.   Welcome to the wonderful world of the new 12VHPWR connector. PCMR will be your guide. "
"Now that's a BF Tie. "
"Nature is healing "
"Average IQ  by Country 2022:   Japan (106.48)  Taiwan (106.47)  Singapore (105.89)  Hong Kong (105.37)  China (104.1)  South Korea (102.35)  Belarus (101.6)  Finland (101.2)  Liechtenstein (101.07)  Germany (100.74)"
"The most efficient speed you can travel in a car in terms of achieving the best fuel economy is 55-65mph."
"Top 10 owners of Twitter:  Elon Musk 9.2% Vanguard Group 8.39% BlackRock Fund 4.56% SSgA Funds 4.54% Aristotle Capital 2.51% ARK Investment 2.15% Fidelity 2.14% ClearBridge 2.09% Geode Capital 1.79% Nikko Asset 1.56%"
"BREAKING: Elon Musk has acquired a 9.2% stake in Twitter, according to filings."
"About 39,000 gallons (147,631 liters) of water are used to produce the average car "
"You dont know what you dont know "
"Coal production "
"Electric vehicles delivery in Q1 2022:  GM - 457 Tesla - 310,048"
"Elon Musks rank on worlds rich list:    2022: 1 2021: 1  2020: 2  2019: 32  2018: 54  2017: 80  2016: 94  2015: 100  2014: 158  2013: 527  2012: 634"
"Tesla vehicle deliveries  :      Q1 2022: 310,048 2021: 936,222 2020: 499,550 2019: 367,500 2018: 245,240 2017: 103,097 2016: 76,295 2015: 50,580 2014: 31,655 2013: 22,477 2012: 2,650 2011: 0"
"% of US homes with a smart speaker:    2022: 60%  2021: 50%  2020: 40%  2019: 35%  2018: 28%  2017: 12.5%  2016: 8%  2015: 2.5%  2014: 0.5%"
"New video is up on our YouTube channel: Coal production by top 20 countries "
"Car airbags kill 1 person for every 22 lives that they save."
"Current world population: 7,937,351,169    Births today: 220,180    Deaths today: 92,437"
"The countries with the highest annual milk  consumption per capita:   Finland 361 kg  Sweden 356 kg  Netherlands 320 kg  Switzerland 316 kg  Greece 315 kg  Montenegro 306 kg  Lithuania 303 kg  Denmark 296 kg  Albania 281 kg  Romania 266 kg"
"Revenue generated each second:    Walmart: $19,659  Amazon: $17,670  Apple: $15,934   Google: $9,684  Microsoft: $4,728  Home Depot: $4,594  Facebook: $4,330  Disney: $2,806  Tesla: $2,279  Nike: $1,398  Coca-Cola: $1,217  Starbucks: $1,042  Netflix: $992  McDonalds: $773"
"It takes six months to build a Rolls Royceand 13 hours to build a Toyota."
"TOP 10 LARGEST COUNTRIES BY POPULATION:    China  1,449,059,250 India  1,404,079,226 USA  334,417,280 Indonesia  278,664,172 Pakistan  228,664,560 Brazil  215,224,823  Nigeria  215,509,375  Bangladesh  167,601,149  Russia  146,043,197  Mexico  131,339,972"
"Natural gas production "
"Sunflower seed production 2021 (in million metric tons):  Ukraine - 17.5 Russia - 15.5  European Union - 10.4 Argentina - 3.4 Turkey - 1.75"
"Companys biggest acquisition:  Dell: EMC, $67B IBM: Red Hat, $34B Salesforce: Slack, $27.7B Microsoft: LinkedIn, $26.2B Facebook: WhatsApp, $19B Intel: Altera, $16.7B Amazon: Whole Foods, $13.7B Google: Motorola Mobility, $12.5B Uber: Postmates, $2.65B Apple: Beats, $3B"
"New video on our YouTube channel! Natural Gas Production "
"Jumbo jets use 4,000 gallons of fuel to take off."
"Looking to get a deeper understanding of artificial intelligence?  Humble teamed up with OReilly for an excellent bundle of ebooks on the subject.   You can get 5 ebooks for only $1/1 using our affiliate link here: "
"Are you an engineering professional or student looking for practical how-tos and learning resources? This bundle of books might be just the solution you seek!  You can get 5 ebooks for only $1/1 using our affiliate link here: "
"The next 'pandemic' is antibiotic resistance, a ticking time bomb.  Worryingly, we are doing nothing to stop it:  "
"Look again at this dot... "
"View of Earth from Apollo 11, about 2 hours after launch  (Credit: NASA) "
"Chemical pesticides are largely unnecessary when natural enemies of pest insects are present:  "
"Oceans on Mars  (Credit: Kevin Gill) "
"The Art of Exoplanets:  "
"Interested to learn programming with Python or dip your toe in Special Relativity?  Brilliant replaces lecture videos with hands-on interactive lessons. Its a better (and more fun) way to learn  You can support Universal-Sci and try it out for free here: "
"Our place in the universe will change dramatically in the next 50 years  heres how:  "
"Great! "
"Alternatively, you can get the entire bundle ($824 worth of awesome stuff!) for just $19 (or 16.42) via our affiliate link here:   "
"Looking to get a deeper understanding of artificial intelligence?  Humble teamed up with OReilly for an amazing bundle of ebooks on the subject.   You can get 5 ebooks for only $1/1 using our affiliate link here: "
"Will the Tonga volcanic eruption affect global climate?  "
"An interesting geographical presentation of the world where the size of the countries are not drawn according to the distribution of land, but according to the distribution of people  (Credit: Max Roser/Our World in Data) "
"On March 23rd 2178 Pluto will complete only its first full orbit around the sun since its discovery! "
"Record Broken: Hubble Spots Farthest Star Ever Seen  (Credit: NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center) "
"A huge X1.3 class solar flare flashed in center of the Sun on Mar. 30, 2022.   This animated gif was captured by NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory and shows a blend of light from the 171 and 131 angstrom wavelengths.  (Credit: NASA/GSFC/SDO) "
"How 17th century dreamers planned to reach the moon:  "
"Bizzare record: WMO verified a 'megaflash' that covered a horizontal distance of 477 miles:  "
"Remarkable solar-driven system allows for agriculture in the desert by drawing in water from the air:  "
"Three classes of stars in our galaxy compared in terms of several important variables for life!  Habitable zones are wider for hotter stars while longevity for red dwarf M stars can exceed 100 billion years!   (Credit: NASA, ESA and Z. Levy (STScI)) "
"The world's 20 largest cities by population size...  (Credit: Visual Capitalist / "
"Chemical pesticides are largely unnecessary when natural enemies of pest insects are present:  "
"Cool animation simulating the motion of clouds in Jupiter's Great Red Spot   (Credit: NASA JPL/Caltech, SwRI, MSSS, Gerald Eichstadt, Justin Cowart) "
"The world as 100 people over the last two centuries...  (Credit: Max Roser) "
"Did you know that Bluetooth was named after Harald Bluetooth, a Scandinavian king from the 10th century?  The idea was based on an analogy that the technology would unite devices the way Harald Bluetooth united the tribes of Denmark.  The logo is even based on his initials: "
"Breathtaking: NGC 6357 - Cathedral to Massive Stars   (NASA/ESA/Jess Maz Apellniz) "
"Very Cool: Spacewalker Christina Koch works 256 miles above the Atlantic Ocean  (Credit: NASA Johnson) "
"Magnificent: Located about 2.3 billion light-years from Earth, Abell 1689 is one of the largest galaxy clusters known.  The arcs in this image are caused by gravitational lensing by galaxies in the background.  (Credit: X-ray: NASA/CXC/MIT/E.-H Peng et al.; Optical: NASA/STScI) "
"Interesting fact:  Because earth's rotation is slowing down, today is about 0.00000002 seconds longer than yesterday "
"Galaxies...  (Credit: xkcd) "
"We've come a long way...  Left: 7.5 MB of storage in 1956 (two IBM 350 disk systems)  Right: 1TB (1,000,000 MB) of storage today (modern micro sd card) "
"What you see here is a slinky falling,  Notice the bottom part levitates mid air, as the top moves towards it   This happens because two forces are both cancelling each other, gravity is pulling it down, yet the tension in the spring is pulling it up  1/  "
"A spectacularly bright example of cloud iridescence   It usually gets this bright in newly forming clouds, but these are seen in thin clouds too where the suns rays encounter only a single droplet  small water droplets individually scattering light 1/2  "
"Whatever your age, your body is years younger than you. In fact most of you may be just 10 years old or less, because your cells are always renewing. The epidermis recycles every 2-4 weeks, red blood cells every 4 months, and your skeleton every 10 years "
"A spectacularly bright example of cloud iridescence   It usually gets this bright in newly forming clouds, but these are seen in thin clouds too where the suns rays encounter only a single droplet  small water droplets individually scattering light 1/2  "
"What you see here is a slinky falling,  Notice the bottom part levitates mid air, as the top moves towards it   This happens because two forces are both cancelling each other, gravity is pulling it down, yet the tension in the spring is pulling it up  1/  "
"I want say thank you to everyone, your messages were really moving, and Im grateful for your generosity and support   I felt I needed to explain why I enabled the tips feature, that its not for gratuitous reasons, but that it absolutely is needed. Thanks for being brilliant "
"Some weeks ago I shared with you a glimpse of my personal story, when my son was in hospital. Your support and replies convinced me to share more, as this is a particularly difficult period of my life.  1/"
"Some weeks ago I shared with you a glimpse of my personal story, when my son was in hospital. Your support and replies convinced me to share more, as this is a particularly difficult period of my life.  1/"
"Visualising the effects of gravity on a car on different planets in the solar system  Watch out for the sun gravity at the end  "
"Watch this gold dissolve in mercury   Other impurities wont dissolve. when the process is reversed and mercury is vaporised, the gold minus some impurities, remain   Half of the mercury ever produced was used in mining operations, ceasing around the 60s  "
"This is a recently discovered illusion, and its really quite striking. The strange effect is called the curvature blindness illusion [read more: "
"Can you see the glowing vein in this boulder?   Most sodalite will fluoresce orange under UV light   Electromagnetic radiation (light from the UV flashlight) is absorbed which then re-emits radiation at a longerwavelength  in this case, the yellow glow  "
"What is being burned here is the billowy pale fluff which is actually actually seeds from female poplar trees,   The fluff which is necessary for the seed being wind dispersed, is highly flammable, look at the speed at which this burn propagates  "
"The grand theory of almost everything, deconstructed in way that it can be understood   Heres the source and explanation "
"Imagine seeing some thing like this,    Here sunlight is refracted by millions of  ( possibly) hexagonal ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere,   The resulting halo has an apparent radius of approximately 22 around the sun, hence its name,  a 22 halo  "
"Look at this mesmerising murmuration  These are sandpipers , White fronts and black backs, flashing, almost a metallic sheen  This one is filmed by Peggy Dolane   There is a long and interesting story here behind that glimmer which you should know 1/  "
"A really interesting visual showing how sediment transportation continuity is disrupted when dams and weirs are installed   "
"A really interesting visual showing how sediment transportation continuity is disrupted when dams and weirs are installed   "
"Look at this mesmerising murmuration  These are sandpipers , White fronts and black backs, flashing, almost a metallic sheen  This one is filmed by Peggy Dolane   There is a long and interesting story here behind that glimmer which you should know 1/  "
"The Andean cloud forests of Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru, which straddle the equator, are diverse, and fragile,   here you will find a beautiful hummingbird, the white-booted racket-tail (Ocreatus underwoodii)  Only the males have elongated tail feathers "
"The Andean cloud forests of Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru, which straddle the equator, are diverse, and fragile,   here you will find a beautiful hummingbird, the white-booted racket-tail (Ocreatus underwoodii)  Only the males have elongated tail feathers "
"physics experiment producing a synchronized scream,    A Van de Graaff (VdG) generator is used, and all the students remain on wooden benches insulated off the ground   the charge cant go anywhere until the last student who is standing moves closer 1/2  "
"Can you see whats happening here?   Those drops are made of different compositions of water and propylene glycol,   Curiously, these drops bounce from reservoir to reservoir until they sensed the fluid matching their own  concentration, and merged   "
"This is possibly the most magnificent example of a a homopolar motor you will ever see   A battery, some magnets and a copper coil track, converts to an electric train that can run until the battery is drained   watch this to the end, its very special   "
"Incredible upward lightning   where the bolt appears to start at the ground, 1/2   Filmed by @therealskicast  "
"This is possibly the most magnificent example of a a homopolar motor you will ever see   A battery, some magnets and a copper coil track, converts to an electric train that can run until the battery is drained   watch this to the end, its very special   "
"Watch this huge carbon snake emerge quite rapidly    p-nitroaniline dehydration with a little concentrated sulfuric acid in a ceramic dish over a bunsen flame   the rapid production of gasses cause the melted p-nitroaniline to expand into a column "
"Which image is Earth, and which is Mars? One of the above images was taken by the robot Spirit rover while climbing Husband Hill on Mars. The other image was taken by a human across the desert south of Morocco on Earth [source, read more: "
"Can you see whats happening here?   Those drops are made of different compositions of water and propylene glycol,   Curiously, these drops bounce from reservoir to reservoir until they sensed the fluid matching their own  concentration, and merged   "
"Long horned orb weaver (Macracantha arcuata)  This one is a female, with long dramatic spines on the abdomen   Amongst the many theorised functions for these are that potential predators may remember never to approach this hard to swallow meal again  "
"This week @AnimalEcology published our paper that tests the importance of sociable weaver colonies to local animal communities across a large aridity gradient "
"physics experiment producing a synchronized scream,    A Van de Graaff (VdG) generator is used, and all the students remain on wooden benches insulated off the ground   the charge cant go anywhere until the last student who is standing moves closer 1/2  "
"@gunsnrosesgirl3 Dont try this at home"
"A really dramatic example of the Leidenfrost effect   the moisture on his skin boils instantly, forming a layer of steam that insulates for a very short time, a temporary barrier between this person and the molten metal  "
"A really dramatic example of the Leidenfrost effect   the moisture on his skin boils instantly, forming a layer of steam that insulates for a very short time, a temporary barrier between this person and the molten metal  "
"This is amazing   This bird is a male standard-winged nightjar  During breeding season it grows primary feathers on each wing, elongated to 38cm (15in)   These are raised like standards/flags in display flight to impress females  1/2  Dermot Breen "
"AI engineering is poring through logs puzzling out why your run crashed, profiling to increase perf by a more few percent, and figuring out which code version was running during that weird blip.  Only when the model is finally trained do you realize it was magic all along. "
"Machine learning is life. Karaoke is also life. Therefore machine learning is karaoke"
"An AI engineer is the point of contact between magic and reality"
"A tricky thing is that many ideologies have a kernel of truth"
"within technology lies hope"
"Rebel against the iid"
"The universe is a package deal"
"I feel neural networks are getting a bit too large these days"
"Perception is the action of choosing an interpretation"
"It can sometimes take a lot of effort to even approximately see reality as it is"
"E step  M step"
"Need more space in your life? Here are two more downloadable posters featuring our favorite ocean moon: "
"Do you want an edit button?"
"When a top NFL Video Editor becomes a Tesla Bull. This is hands down the best Tesla motivation video yet. Watch till end :) @elonmusk @SawyerMerritt   "
"dear all companies that like free marketing,  you should probably accept and embrace #dogecoin, itll probably give you quite a lot of free twitter engagement"
"twitter employees hearing the news are probably like aw crap were finally gonna have to do something about crypto spam arent we"
"i like twitter 9.2% more today"
"dear businesses:  here is the downside of accepting dogecoin:  here is the upside: - you get money in exchange for your goods and services"
"the duality of the crypto market "
"SpaceX rocket debris streaking across the sky "
"everyone trying to make a dogecoin on Reddit right now "
"life is away from twitter "
"best guard doge ever "
"bitcoin FLASH CRASH omg  haha you can't tell if this is an april fools joke cuz it happens so often hahahahaha april fools is so funny ha ha ha ha ha"
"coming back to crypto twitter after 7 whole hours off "
"i wanna pivot my platform cuz crypto twitter is so incredibly annoying, thank you bots, scammers, and desperate people  is there a good part of Twitter? where are the funniest memes?"
"the regular persons buying power has dropped 20% or more in just two years.   thats bad."
"if your community is based around getting rich quick, it will become the worst community ever made.   make things people want. add value to their lives."
"getting taxes done, this is in the waiting room "
"internet tough guy as a doge "
"people always call me out for being salty  of course im salty! i made like 3 grand total directly from making a crypto that had a market cap of 80 billion dollars  watching scammers and shady crap make millions all day + strangers attacking me all day, who wouldnt be salty "
"Shiba's metaverse to feature more than 100k land plots and use ether as land pricing token.   @godbole17 reports.  "
"this chicken is an elden ring boss "
"no matter what the truth is and what reality is, if someone really wants to believe something, they will alter every part of their thinking and personal reality to believe it.  this is the human condition. you will see it everywhere, forever."
"good thing wages are going way up, rent, homes, gas, and food are reasonably priced, and everyone is happy "
"in case you needed any more proof we are living in a dystopia, dyson just made bluetooth noise canceling headphones with an attached air purifier "
"whatcha doin there bro "
"Twitter Safety Mode has a false positive hit rate near 100%  a terrible feature, never use it."
"off my soapbox for the day. heres a silly doge. goodnight. "
"protip: if you dont want people to constantly attack you forever for losing them money, dont make a shit token in 2022   if you dont wanna get rug pulled, dont buy shit tokens in 2022   i have no more remorse about this. shit tokens are 100% cancer, from scams to spam.  stop."
"""DogeTuber"" Matt Wallace launches another shitcoin and it instantly rugs, lmao. Their telegram is pure chaos. "
"if you wanna hear what a telegram call sounds like right after you rug  "
"dog money"
"protip: never respond to idiots, block and mute   people who make crappy replies will continue to make crappy replies forever, let them be someone elses problem"
"thanks for making this"
"real talk:  #dogecoin needs to market itself as a digital CURRENCY  theres already infinite digital speculation and digital utility tokens and chains, and pointless speculation tokens are made daily  dogecoin is in the best position to be the most used for purchasing and tipping"
"buying a house in 2014 and selling it in 2022 is worth more than working for 10 years"
"why he no play fetch with me "
"i predict #Bitcoin will reach 100k by the end of 2021"
"Artist James Cook renders detailed landscapes and portraits by typing a careful assemblage of letters, numbers, and punctuation marks onto sheets of paper using old / unwanted typewriters. Explore his IG account: "
"How the Arctic ice rapidly melted in the last 30 years [source: "
"An elephant's bladder can hold nearly 18 liters of fluid, and yet, it can pee just as quickly as a cat. A research has revealed that, regardless of size, all mammals larger than rats take roughly the same amount of time to urinate - 21 seconds [read more: "
"Guttation is the exudation of drops of xylem sap on the tips or edges of leaves of some vascular plants, such as grasses. It's not dew and can create particularly awesome effects [read more: "
"This clip shows just how giant sequoia trees are in California [source: "
"Street artist Pejac's SOCIAL DISTANCING is a trompe l'oeil that creates an illusion of a deep gaping crevice on a rigid surface of a cement wall at the campus of University Hospital Marqus de Valdecilla, Santander, made to honor Spain's health workers "
"Needlefish are capable of making short jumps out of the water at up to 60 km/h (37 mph). Leaping over the decks of shallow boats, they represent an even greater risk of injury than sharks "
"Bridge Bot is a prototype robot for bridge inspection: it can operate horizontally, vertically and upside down. It is also capable of moving on surprisingly thin edges [source, video: "
"Ostriches do not bury their heads in sand to hide from danger. They actually dig holes to bury their eggs and the myth came about from people seeing ostriches putting their heads in the holes to turn the eggs to ensure they are evenly heated [read more: "
"How Eratosthenes calculated the circumference of the Earth, 2260 years ago [source, read more: "
"This swarm of robots makes amazing coreographies and achieves complex global behavior [source, video: "
"This is what fire looks like in space [ International Space Station's Microgravity Combustion Experiment: "
"A remarkable shot captured during a NASA airplane vortex study in Virginia, May 4, 1990. The air flow from the wing of this agricultural plane is made by a technique that uses colored smoke rising from the ground [source: "
"The fish that nearly sank Isaac Newton's career, or the story of the book that was so expensive to publish that nearly bankrupted the Royal Society, then being unable  to print Newton's Principia Mathematica, that was later financed by Edmund Halley: "
"The story of Lilian Todd, credited as the first woman in the world to design airplanes, which she started in 1906, only 3 years after the Wright brothers first flight. She could never pilot one herself, though, because she was denied a permit [read more: "
"This paper illustrates how there is a strong positive correlation between how fast someone walks and the population of the city that they're from. If a city is ten times larger than another, people will walk 24% faster on average [full paper: "
"Stygiomedusa is a genus of giant deep sea jellyfish. With only 110 sightings in 110 years, it is a jellyfish that is rarely seen. Its  umbrella-shaped bell can be up to 1 m wide &amp; its arms up to 10 m long [clip by MBARI, read more: "
"Formed between 3.6 &amp; 2.8 billion years ago, the rocks of the Pilbara Craton in Western Australia are some of the oldest on Earth.  The area also harbors evidence of some of the earliest life3.45-billion-year-old fossil colonies of microbial cyanobacteria "
"No, the car was not in danger of being vacuumed into space by the big sky vortex. For one reason, the vortex was really an aurora, and since auroras are created by particles striking the Earth from space, they do not create a vacuum [read more: "
"This iconic view of a Saturn V S-IC/S-II interstage falling away, was taken during the Apollo 6 launch, 54 years ago #Today "
"39 years ago #Today, the Space Shuttle #Challenger roared into orbit on its maiden voyage. It was named after the British Naval research vessel HMS Challenger that sailed the Atlantic and Pacific oceans during the 1870's   "
"A thunderstorm cell towers above the surrounding cloud deck, captured by the crew of the Space Shuttle Columbia STS-83, 25 years ago #Today "
"A spectacularly bright example of cloud iridescence   It usually gets this bright in newly forming clouds, but these are seen in thin clouds too where the suns rays encounter only a single droplet  small water droplets individually scattering light 1/2  "
"Coand effect explains why fluids tend to follow curved paths. Bernoulli principle, how the pressure of a fluid responds to its velocity. Together they explain why the tap water holds these peas "
"This car can move sideways, 360 degree with the help it's omni directional tires [source, read more: "
"The animal with the largest teeth in history was the Livyatan melvillei an extinct sperm whale. It had teeth up to 36.2 cm (14.3 inches) long and its name was inspired by the biblical sea monster the Leviathon and Moby Dick's Author Herman Melville "
"A time exposure of violinist Jascha Heifitz playing with a light attached to the end of his bow, photographed by Gjon Mili in New York, 1952 [source: "
"This is the difference after 7 years of Mars. The rover Mars Curiosity in its selfie on October 31, 2012 (Sol 84) vs its selfie on October 11, 2019 (Sol 2553) [Source: "
"Nothing particularly remarkable about this sunset, except it's been captured by a robot working on Mars [source: "
"What you see here is a slinky falling,  Notice the bottom part levitates mid air, as the top moves towards it   This happens because two forces are both cancelling each other, gravity is pulling it down, yet the tension in the spring is pulling it up  1/  "
"The Hovenring is a totally suspended cycle path roundabout in the province of North Brabant in the Netherlands and the first of its kind in the world [read more: "
"It took him about 25 attempts, but photographer Grover Schrayer captured these magnificent rainbow vibes smoking from a candle stick, which also shows us how smoke is made by particles [source, read more: "
"The ""Spilhaus projection"" features oceans as the main focus, and presents the oceans as one body of water. A map based on it is centered on Antarctica and though some have recently gained some popularity online, this projection was first conceived in 1942 "
"A tippe top is a kind of top that when spun, will spontaneously invert itself to spin on its narrow stem. This is ""The Orbit"", a variant of the tippe top and this is some physics about its behavior: "
"Methanol flames are less visible than other flames or almost invisible. This gif shows how an infrared camera like the SEEK Reveal, can detect the fire, otherwise invisible [gif: "
"This isn't a spider: it's actually a fake spider, built by the real spider, which is just 5% of the size [photo by Lary Reeves, read more: "
"These flamingos are not fighting and that is not blood. Milk secretion in flamingos takes place in the lining of their upper digestive tract, so that red liquid is crop milk, regurgitated in order to feed the young chick [video: "
"At what age do we do our greatest work?  [source, read more: "
"17 equations that changed the course of history [by Ian Stewart; read more: "
"This truck almost flipped on a highway, but momentum helped balance and it continue driving [source: "
"Planes are really made for flying: this 747 sitting in a boneyard in Mojave, California tried to take to the skies one last time even without engines due to extreme winds of 70+ miles per hour [full video: "
"Whatever your age, your body is years younger than you. In fact most of you may be just 10 years old or less, because your cells are always renewing. The epidermis recycles every 2-4 weeks, red blood cells every 4 months, and your skeleton every 10 years "
"Named the Empress of Uruguay, this is the largest amethyst geode in the world. Standing a staggering 3.27 meters tall, the geode weighs 2.5 tons [source: "
"If you dont follow @gunsnrosesgirl3 you really should. "
"Electronic artist Fabricio Franzoli creates and recreates music on Tesla coils. This is a plasma speaker which uses a corona discharge or an electric arc to create the compression waves in air that listeners perceive as sound [source+artist's IG account: "
"Chand Baori is the deepest and probably the oldest stairwell in the world [read more: "
"We all know that Everest, at 8,849m above sea level, is the highest spot on Earth. But suppose you're asked to find the spot on Earth where you would be closest to the Moon. Well, that's not Everest. Mount Chimborazo is &amp; it's due to a bulge on the equator "
"Methanol flames are less visible than other flames or almost invisible. This gif shows how an infrared camera like the SEEK Reveal, can detect the fire, otherwise invisible [gif: "
"A pyroclastic flow is a fast-moving current of hot gas and volcanic matter moving about 100 km/h on average but capable of reaching speeds up to 700 km/h. This is the flow oirginated by the Unzen volcano during its 1991 eruption "
"This paper by Geoff Boeing measures the entropy of  100 cities around the world using the orientation of streets. In the upper part of the chart you find the cities with most ordered streets [full paper: "
"According to Hive Systems your passwords should be at least 18 mixed up characters for maximum security. Here's how long it would take a hacker to come up with as many combinations or passphrases before guessing your password [read more, methodology: "
"Miguel Wattson, the electric eel with its own Twitter account. Whenever he discharges a large enough jolt, a tweet will be automatically send out to his account @EelectricMiguel. He also helps power up Christmas trees at the aquarium [read more: "
"On November 1, 1952, the US detonated the worlds first hydrogen bomb on Enewetak Atoll in the Pacific Ocean: Ivy Mike. This is a recreation in VR via Oculus Rift [source, full video: "
"In 2009, Nidhal Selmi combined the Sierpinski triangle with the Penrose triangle to create the M.C. Escher-like the Selmi triangle [source: "
"While an autological word is a word that describes itself, e.g. English, pentasyllabic, an autologlyph is an image that describes itself. Here's a collection by Henry Segerman: "
"According to Hive Systems your passwords should be at least 18 mixed up characters for maximum security. Here's how long it would take a hacker to come up with as many combinations or passphrases before guessing your password [read more, methodology: "
"Kyaiktiyo Pagoda, also known as Golden Rock, is a Buddhist pilgrimage site in Mon State, Burma, famous for its balancing rock which seems to defy gravity, as it perpetually appears to be on the verge of rolling down the hill [read more: "
"This paper by Geoff Boeing measures the entropy of  100 cities around the world using the orientation of streets. In the upper part of the chart you find the cities with most ordered streets [full paper: "
"Schrdinger's dumpster [source: "
"Pacific spiny lumpsuckers are a globular-shaped fish whose pelvic fins have evolved into a large, fringed suction cup, allowing it to attach to surfaces [read more: "
"This 1954 photo shows Captain Edward G. Sperry of the U. S. Air Force, being ejected downward from a B-47 jet bomber flying more than 500 miles per hour at an altitude of 10,000 feet during tests of the new fully automatic safety device [source: "
"This demonstration seems to defy thermodynamics in that it appears that entropy decreases, but it's actually made possible by ensuring that the mixing/unmixing is done without turbulence [read more: "
"On November 1, 1952, the US detonated the worlds first hydrogen bomb on Enewetak Atoll in the Pacific Ocean: Ivy Mike. This is a recreation in VR via Oculus Rift [source, full video: "
"@VikranthJonna @frustratedpluto I believe this is the reentry of a Chinese rocket stage, the third stage of the Chang Zheng 3B serial number Y77 which was launched in Feb 2021 - it was expected to reenter in the next hour or so and the track is a good match "
"Some weeks ago I shared with you a glimpse of my personal story, when my son was in hospital. Your support and replies convinced me to share more, as this is a particularly difficult period of my life.  1/"
"Reverse perspective is a form of drawing where the objects depicted in a scene are placed between the projective point and the viewing plane. ""Reverspective"" is an optical illusion on a 3-dimensional surface created by Patrick Hughes using this principle "
"If you had in mind to take a large file home with you back in 1985, you didnt have many cloud options, so a portable 20MB hard drive like this one, was probably the best solution for you [read more: "
"AirCar  a hybrid aeroplane and sportscar  completed a 35 minute test flight between two airports in Slovakia in front of reporters earlier this week [video: "
"The 'Virgin Rainbow' is one of the world's rarest and most expensive opals and it literally glows in the dark [read more: "
"This stunningly beautiful jellyfish was seen during the Marianas expedition on April 24, 2016, while exploring the informally named ""Enigma Seamount"" at a depth of ~3,700 meters [source, full video: "
"One of the earliest known innovators to have created the modern office chair was naturalist Charles Darwin, who put wheels on the chair in his study so he could get to his specimens more quickly [read more: "
"Miguel Wattson, the electric eel with its own Twitter account. Whenever he discharges a large enough jolt, a tweet will be automatically send out to his account @EelectricMiguel. He also helps power up Christmas trees at the aquarium [read more: "
"Reverse perspective is a form of drawing where the objects depicted in a scene are placed between the projective point and the viewing plane. ""Reverspective"" is an optical illusion on a 3-dimensional surface created by Patrick Hughes using this principle "
"Pachycereus weberi is a cactus is endemic to Mexico, where it occurs in the states of Guerrero, Oaxaca and Puebla. It is also known as 'candelabro', which means candlestick due to its shape and height, which can reach 7 meters or more in warmer habitats "
"How a particle of water moves in an ocean wave  [read more: "
"The Green Newspaper was invented in 2016 by the publisher of the famous Japanese daily, The Mainichi Shimbunsha. It's a newspaper made of recycled and vegetable paper that you can plant after youve read it "
"Flame Bowerbirds (Sericulus ardens) certainly live up to their names. The males of the species are brilliantly coloured and perform extremely complex dances, including pupil dilation, in order to capture female attention [source, full video: "
"You may think it's just a sheet covering an old clock, but then you read the plaque [read more: "
"If you had in mind to take a large file home with you back in 1985, you didnt have many cloud options, so a portable 20MB hard drive like this one, was probably the best solution for you [read more: "
"This water scavenger beetle walking on the undersurface of a body of water. In their paper published in the journal Ethology, John Gould and Jose Valdez describe the beetle and suggest some theories to explain the unique behavior [read more: "
"""The conquest of space is worth the risk of life"".   Born #Today in 1926, Virgil ""Gus"" Grissom was pilot, member of the Mercry Seven, Gemini and Apollo astronaut and explorer "
"AirCar  a hybrid aeroplane and sportscar  completed a 35 minute test flight between two airports in Slovakia in front of reporters earlier this week [video: "
"Orbital O2 is the world's most powerful tidal turbine. Engineering firm Orbital Marine Power delivered its first O2 tidal turbine to Scotland's Orkney Islands in May this year, where it will connect to the grid and supply power to thousands of homes "
"This clip by Action Lab shows how a Reuleaux tetrahedron works and why is called a surface of constant width [video: "
"Rochu manufactures soft robotic grippers and manipulators used in industrial automation. This clip shows a series of flexible grippers applied to diversified industrial scene [read more: "
"The roots of this tree in Hong Kong, photohraphed by Clment Bucco-Lechat in 2010, have grown over the paving stones and seem to follow the patterns that the pavers were laid in [source: "
"The story of the two men who led a team of 80 people, spent 5 years collecting 1.2 million golden orb spiders, milked them for their silk, and created the rarest textile on Earth: a golden silk cape [read more: "
"In this remarkable capture by Don McLeish in 2012, a seahorse checks out a divers watch (and its own reflection) underwater [source: "
"The first audio recordings on Mars reveal a quiet planet with occasional gusts of wind where the speed of sound is slower than on Earth and two different speeds of sound would have a strange delayed effect on hearing [read more: "
"Osmia avosetta is a species of mason bee and is unique in its use of flower petals to construct nests for its larvae [read more: "
"This was published 110 years ago  [read more: "
"1000 years of European history in 10 seconds [source: "
"There are many  plants that are beneficial for your home, but there are far fewer that are cute, too. The senecio peregrinus plant is a succulent whose leaves look like tiny little dolphins jumping out of the waves [read more: "
"The BekensteinHawking formula expresses a black hole entropy, bringing together gravity (G). quantum mechanics (h), and relativity (c). The subscript BH either stands for ""black hole"" or ""BekensteinHawking"" [read more: "
"Clouded leopards live in forests at elevations of up to 3,000 meters and spend much of their lives in trees. Their strong tails help them to balance while perched on tree branches [read more: "
"Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey premiered 54 years ago #Today at the Uptown Theater in Washington, D.C. Widely regarded as one of the greatest and most influential films ever made "
"The potato paradox is a mathematical calculation that has a counter-intuitive result.   ""You have 100kg of potatoes, which are 99% water by weight. You let them dehydrate until they're 98% water. How much do they weigh now?""  The surprising answer is 50kg  "
"These little hedgehog mounted on carriages with casters, is possibly a 3500 year old toy or a votive offer, part of a valuable deposit found at Susa, near the temple of Inshushinak, Iraq [source: "
"Sublimation is the phase transition of a substance directly from the solid to the gas phase [read more: "
"At what age are people being described as being old, as a function of the age of who describes? It's the square-root of your age times 8 [source, read more: "
"[Einstein probe satellite is transferred to prototype development stage] On Mar. 25th, the National Space Science Center of Chinese Academy of Sciences organized a design review meeting for the Einstein probe (EP) X-ray MPO remote sensing satellite. Source:"
"Thank you for your service Tianzhou2! The cargo spacecraft finished all its missions in Tiangong Space Station and reentered the atmosphere with little debris controllably dropping into southern Pacific ocean. Source: "
" Here we have an overall structure assembly look of Xuntian(/SpaceSentinel) space telescope under construction. Its going to be launched in 2024, and will fly near Tiangong Space Station (CSS) for easier maintenance. Source: "
" CASCs Satellite Flexible Intelligent Manufacturing Center has been fully completed in Tianjin. The center is expected to deliver 4~5 small satellites per week, with an annual output of more than 200 satellites. Source: "
"[Chinas 8th launch in 2022, 2nd in 24h] At UTC 2:29 Mar. 30, Tianping2-A,B,C atmosphere detection and orbit forecast satellites were launched by #CZ11 rocket at Jiuquan Launch Center, Inner Mongolia. This is the 413th launch of Long March family. HD: "
"[Chinas 7th launch in 2022] At UTC 9:50 Mar. 29, Pujiang2 resource survey satellite and Tiankun2 environment detection satellite were launched by new solid-liquid CZ6A rocket at Taiyuan Launch Center. This is the 412th launch of Long March family. HD: "
"Dyson puts an air purifier inside a set of headphones.  @Dyson launched a pair of noise-canceling headphones that provide clean air whether you are at home or on the go.  #gigadgets #headphones #audio #visor #airpollutionc "
"A furniture collection for your pets. I really love them!  Meet Ikea Pet Furniture Collection.  #gigadgets #pets #furniture #IKEA #pettips "
"These robots are inspired by nature. Fantastic.  #gigadgets #robots #tech #robotics "
"Save life from the sky.  #gigadgets #savelife #searescue #lifegurds #drones "
"A dancer controls a piano by his movements.  Meet the Yamaha AI.  #gigadgets #AI #Yamaha #tech #dancing "
"This 3D printed shoe adapts to the wearer's foot like a sock.  German designer and architect Stephan Henrich created a fully 3D printed shoe named The Cryptide to show the potential of 3D printing in footwear manufacturing.  #gigadgets #flexible #3dprinting #shoedesign #laser "
"RHP Bex is a rideable robot named after Ibex, a wild goat with large recurved horns. Not only can it walk on all fours, but it can also lower its body to be driven around via wheels on its knees like a scooter.  #gigadgets #bionic #robot #goat #electric "
"Good ideas for would-be chefs.  #gigadgets #gadgets #kitchentips #tools #cookingtips #cooking "
"This modular plane could change the way you fly.  Check out the Clip-Air modular plane.  #gigadgets #plane #tech #futuretech #planedesign #airplane "
"This flower pot adjusts its size to growing plants.  GROWTH is an origami-inspired flower pot concept created by designers and twin sisters from London-based Studio Ayaskan.  #gigadgets #flowerpot #grower #origami #planting "
"Magic Vision Control Wipers will improve driving visibility. Check out Mercedes-Benz USA.  #gigadgets #wipers #driving #drivingsafe #visibility #drivingtips "
"A fresh camping experience with these campers. #gigadgets #camping #campers #campinglover #campingcar #outdoor "
"Pressure washing is so satisfying to watch. Check out Pressure washing.  #gigadgets #washing #cleaning #satisfyingvideo #pressurewashing "
"City folks just don't get it. Planting is an easy job.  #gigadgets #planting #farming #farmingtech  #farmlife #farmmachine "
"You can build your own backyard ice rink with this system.  EZ ICE PRO Home Arena System is an outdoor ice rink system that can be set up on any flat surface without special tools.  #gigadgets #rink #backyard #hockey #skating "
"Creative bike-storage ideas to clearing up floor space.  #gigadgets #bike #storage #storagetips #savespace "
"A flexible display you can roll up and take with you.  Flexible display rolls up for storage.  #gigadgets #flexible #display #rollup #tech #portable "
"Father's Nursing Assistant is a wearable tank in the shape of a woman's breast that allows fathers to breastfeed their babies with milk or formula to improve their involvement in caregiving while reducing the burden on mothers.  #gigadgets #breastfeeding #daddyduties #babycare "
"HipStar - perfect for both backpacking and trekking. "
"For beer lovers.  #gigadgets #beer #beerlovers #gadgets #beerfun "
"This robot can walk on a slackline, ride a skateboard, and even fly.  LEONARDO is a multimodal locomotion robot that can both fly and walk using thrusters and legs.  #gigadgets #robotics #automatic #newtech #research "
"This self-building bed can inflate in four minutes.  Meet the Ivation EZ-Bed.  #gigadgets #bed #foldable #portable #beddesign #Inflatable "
"Nothing Phone is around the corner. "
"Ai-Da Becomes First Robot To Paint Like An Artist "
"Jupiter-Size Exoplanet Caught In the Act of Being Born "
"Alzheimer's Study Finds 42 More Genes Linked To Higher Risk of Disease "
"Microsoft Brings Arm Support To Azure Virtual Machines "
"Google Offers Employees Free Electric Scooters To Get Them Back To the Office "
"Efforts To Ban Books Jumped an 'Unprecedented' Four-Fold In 2021 "
"Mercedes-Benz Puts 5,600 Workers On Vacation In Brazil Due To Chips Shortage "
"Hertz Will Order Up To 65,000 Polestar EVs For Its Rental Fleet "
"Comcast Wanted Man To Pay $19,000 After Falsely Advertising Service On His Street "
"Billions of People Still Breathe Unhealthy Air: New WHO Data "
"Hit us with your best memes please"
"Border Patrol's Use of Amazon's Wickr Messaging App Draws Scrutiny "
"Thousands of UK Workers To Take Part In Four-day Week Trial "
"Mailchimp Says an Internal Tool Was Used To Breach Hundreds of Accounts "
"UK's Big Crypto Push Includes Minting Its Own NFT "
"TikTok's Parent, ByteDance, Made Fake Accounts With Content Scraped From Instagram And Snapchat, Former Employees Say "
"Google Play Crackdown Makes Amazon and Others Pull Digital Purchases "
"A 'Liveable Future' Depends on Slashing Emissions This Decade, Major Climate Report Finds "
"Axie Infinity Was Losing Gamers Even Before Record Crypto Hack "
"Nearly Half of Crypto Owners First Bought Digital Assets Last Year, Survey Shows "
"Spain Plans To Invest $12.4 Billion in Chips, Semiconductors "
"AMD To Acquire Pensando in a $1.9 Billion Bid for Networking Tech "
"The Rise of the 9 p.m. Work Hour "
"Studies Predicts Climate Change Bringing 'Brutal' Century for Western US "
"Elon Musk Becomes Twitter's Largest Shareholder "
"The Sad State of Russia's Social Media Knock-offs "
"The Exotic Legend of the Dark Knight Alien Satellite Meets Mundane Reality "
"Google Cloud Security Exec: Government Reliance on Microsoft Is a Security Vulnerability "
"Paramount+ Releases Trailer for Its 6th Star Trek Series, 'Strange New Worlds' "
"Intel Beats AMD and Nvidia with Arc GPU's Full AV1 Support "
"Facebook Users Angry After Accounts Locked for No Reason "
"Why C Isn't a Programming Language Any More "
"Sound Travels Much Slower on Mars, Researchers Find "
"Former SpaceX Rocket Scientist Starts 'In-Space Propulsion' Company "
"Unionization Wave 'Swelling' in Seattle, with Votes at Local Verizon, Amazon Fresh, and Starbucks Stores "
"Nokia Disputes Report of Work on Russian Surveillance System as 'Misleading'  "
"How to Defeat Putin and Save the Planet "
"A Professor Warns the Internet 'is Not What You Think It Is' "
"Russia Threatens Suspending Space Station Cooperation Over Sanctions "
"Bitcoin Reaches Milestone:  19 Millionth Bitcoin Mined "
"Turmoil at Metals Exchange Trading Nickel Used in Lithium-Ion Batteries and EVs "
"Two More Successful Rocket Launches from Satellite Launch-Service Providers "
"Jack Dorsey Regrets His Role in Corporations Centralizing Discovery and Identity "
"the days of usenet, irc, the web...even email (w PGP)...were amazing. centralizing discovery and identity into corporations really damaged the internet.  I realize I'm partially to blame, and regret it."
"What's Happening After an Amazon Warehouse's Workers Voted to Form a Union "
"Online Activists are Cold Calling Russians - and Messaging Them on Tinder "
"This Snakelike Robot Slithers Down Your Lungs and Could Spot Cancer "
"US President Invokes Emergency Authority Prioritizing Pursuit of EV Battery Minerals "
"Ubiquiti Files Case Against Security Blogger Krebs Over 'False Accusations' "
"A Facebook Bug Mistakenly Elevated Misinformation, Russian State Media for Months "
"OpenBB Wants To Be an Open Source Challenger To Bloomberg Terminal "
"Audi Owner Finds Basic HVAC Function Paywalled After Pressing the Button For It "
"Modem-Wiping Malware Caused Viasat Satellite Broadband Outage In Europe "
"A Single Gene In One Species Can Cause Other Species To Go Extinct "
"Writing Google Reviews About Patients Is Actually a HIPAA Violation "
"Face Scanner Clearview AI Aims To Branch Out Beyond Police "
"New Vehicles Must Average 40 MPG By 2026, Up From 28 MPG "
"'Infinite Mac' Project Lets You Boot Up Mac OS In Your Browser "
"Twitter User Sentenced To 150 Hours of Community Service In UK For Posting 'Offensive' Tweet "
"Critical GitLab Vulnerability Lets Attackers Take Over Accounts "
"Four Indigenous People Killed In 'Clash' With Venezuelan Military Over Wi-Fi "
"5G Skeptic "
"House Committee Opens Investigation Into Amazon's Labor Practices. "
"Food Delivery Stocks Lose $24 Billion in Just Three Months "
"Google Found To Unfairly Block Rival Payments on India Store "
"CIA Document Claims Soviet Union Was Developing Cybernetic Telepathy "
"Can Controlling Vehicles Make Streets Safer and More Climate Friendly?  "
"Earthworms Are Invasive - and Likely Hurting Insects - in Much of North America "
"The Patagonia Vest Endures in San Francisco Tech Circles, Despite Ridicule "
"Amazon NYC Warehouse Workers Support Union in Historic Labor Win "
"Misinformation is Derailing Renewable Energy Projects Across the United States "
"Experts Push For Genetic Testing To Personalise Drug Prescriptions "
"Two UK Teenagers Charged With Hacking for Notorious Gang Lapsus$ "
"As Russia Sees Tech Brain Drain, Other Nations Hope To Gain "
"Fish Can Learn Basic Arithmetic "
"Father-Son Team Helps People Brute-Force Their Lost Bitcoin Wallets "
"A New Proposal For Interstellar Communication With Alien Intelligences "
"First Complete Gap-Free Human Genome Sequence Published "
"Chrome's 'Topics' Advertising System Is Here, Whether You Want It Or Not "
"Nike Wants To 'Destroy' Unauthorized NFTs -- How Will That Work? "
"Samsung To Provide Smartphone Parts, Tools, and Repair Guides Starting This Summer "
"Russians Leaving Chernobyl After Radiation Exposure "
"Wyze Cam Security Flaw Gave Hackers Access To Video; Went Unfixed For Almost Three Years "
"E3 2022 Has Officially Been Canceled "
"Russia's Site-Blocking System Isn't Performing and Could Even Collapse "
"Proposal To Sanction Russian Cybersecurity Firm Over Ukraine Invasion Splits Biden Administration "
"EU Lawmakers Set To Tighten Up on Crypto Transfers "
"NASA Says Russia is Still 'Moving Toward' Extending the Space Station Through 2030 "
"Crypto Miners in Texas Need 'Approval to Energize' in New Grid Hurdle "
"Hubble Sees Most Distant Star Ever, 28 Billion Light-Years Away "
"Google Search's New Highly Cited Label Helps You Get To the Source of a Story "
"Crypto Platforms Ask for Rules But Have a Favorite Watchdog "
"Chess Broadcast To Include Players' Heart Rate Determined By AI "
"Airbus A380 Completes Flight Powered By Cooking Oil "
"Intel Enters Discrete GPU Market With Launch of Arc A-Series For Laptops "
"Russia Internet Giant Risks Running Out of Vital Tech in a Year "
"Waymo Opens Driverless Robotaxi Service To San Francisco Employees "
"Dyson Launches Air Purifying Bluetooth Headphones "
"One-Third Of US Netflix Subscribers Admit They Share Their Passwords, Survey Finds "
"State Attorneys General Ask Snap and TikTok To Give Parents More Control Over Apps "
"NASAs New Horizons spacecraft flying over Pluto. "
"Clean video feed as SpaceX complete their 112th booster landing! "
"Mars by NASAs Hubble Space Telescope. "
"NASAs Hubble Space Telescope has spotted the farthest star ever seen!  "
"The first reflight of a Falcon 9 rocket launched 5 years ago today on the SES-10 mission!  (Credit: SpaceX) "
"Apollo 16 astronaut Charles Duke collecting lunar samples on the Moon. (Credit: NASA) "
"Orion's Belt and Sword (M42 slightly showing up) "
"Earthshine composite "
"My daughter looks up to see the Milky Way for the first time. Lake McDonald, Glacier National Park June of 21. "
"Jupiter in Aquarius. "
"A series of images show a kilonova (Neutron star colliding) fading over about 10 days of observation by the Hubble Space Telescope. "
"The lights were very active last night. It was an awesome show!!! Alaska interior "
"HDR Moon composite "
"Can you see Pleiades, Taurus, Cassiopeia or Andromeda #galaxy!! This is the Northern winter sky from Wadi Al-Hitan, Egypt. "
"What if we made this on r/Place ? "
"Silhouette of Dione Against the Backdrop of #Saturn &amp; Its Rings. The Satellite Has a Diameter of Only 1123 Km. (Shot By  Cassini, Edited By  Jason Major) "
"Big Dipper from North Cascades National Park, WA "
"NGC 7172. The #galaxy lies approximately 110 million light-years from Earth in the constellation Piscis Austrinus. "
"Colorful March 2020 sky (West part) with constellation marks. "
"Hyperion, moon of #Saturn "
"The Earth-Moon system, as seen by China's Change 5TI probe in 2014 "
"NGC2237 Rosette #Nebula - a Nightly Bloom in the Winter Sky "
"My first time ever seeing this - Can't believe how pretty it was! Taken at my local beach. "
"3 "
"Dantes View, Death Valley CA with LAs glow in the background. "
"My first ever try to capture the sun  "
"The Milky Way taken with my Smartphone "
"M101, the Pinwheel #galaxy from my backyard "
"Milky Way arching above ancient petroglyphs in California "
"Starry night sky on a clear moonless night with constellations marks. "
"Moon, Venus and #Jupiter composite "
"F9 Twilight Phenomenon from Vandenberg seen from my house. "
"MW part (editing revisited). M31 is a little up/right from the image center. "
"We are drawing the JWST over at r/Place ! join us at r/JamesWebbPlace "
"Core of our #Galaxy with my phone from the beach "
"Big and Small Magelanic Cloud on a starry night "
"Milky Way over Superstition Mountains Arizona Photo cred @ qdmo412az "
"Just found this Photo of Pluto taken from NASA's New Horizons spacecraft just 15 Minutes after its closed Approach on its Flyby on July 14, 2015 and wanted to share. Klick to enlarge. "
"RX J1856.53754, is a neutron star in the constellation Corona Australis. It is the closest neutron star to Earth discovered so far. "
"A Rocket leaving earth "
"Ursa Major/Minor - classic "
"Gemini (revisited) with marks, zoom in for details. "
"Gemini plate (revisited). "
"Cygnus area. "
"Loved this #Mars Colony art so much that I tracked down the artist (Wojtek Fikus) and we developed it into a puzzle "
"This Solar eclipse over canyon de Chelly looks like a black hole "
"u/hisroyalhaines requested to see Arcturus through My telescope, here you go bud! "
"Crescent Moon and clouds composite "
"Today's west part of night sky, left to right  Gemini, Auriga, Perseus "
"Pleiades untracked "
"Pillars of Creation shot with my 10  motorized dobsonian "
"Gemini, 30/03/2022 "
"Black shadow of Ganymede on #Jupiter "
"Small Magellanic Cloud, Chile "
"Sirius through my telescope. "
"Milky Way Panorama above Llano de Ucanca / Tenerife 2020 "
"Some 60 million light-years away in the southerly constellation Corvus, two large galaxies are colliding, Astronomy Picture of the Day 2022 March 31. "
"The day before a new moon "
"Messier 101, the Pinwheel #galaxy "
"CME arrival sparks G1 geomagnetic storm  threshold reached at 2 53 UTC  Aurora visible in North Dakota  NOAA forecasts strong G3 geomagnetic storm on 3/31 "
"I drew the Orion #Nebula. Alcohol markers, colored pencils, and digital stars. "
"Nothing crazy, but I'm still proud of this one "
"My Moon phases collection! "
"View of Earth from China's space station "
"Comet NEOWISE with Aurora and STEVE (14 July 2020, Kananaskis, Alberta, Canada) "
"I took this photo of NGC 2174 The Monkey Head #Nebula from my backyard with a small newtonian "
"HaLRGB Composite of M106 taken with a 6 Inch Newtonian from my Backyard "
"B&amp;W sky with constellation marks. "
"took a picture of Aurora Borealis over the Finnish Lapland. "
"Gems of a Maldivean Night, The southernmost part of the Milky Way contains not only the stars of the Southern Cross, but the closest star system to our Sun -  Alpha Centauri. "
"Sun today, captured in h-alpha "
"IC 410 - The Tadpoles #Nebula "
"Hubble spots the oldest star (1 billion years after the bigbang) Earendel. "
"Record Broken  Hubble Spots Farthest Star Ever Seen "
"Massive fail, Giant dying star collapses straight into black hole, The left image shows the star as it appeared in 2007, The right image shows the same region in 2015, with the star missing. "
"Stars, Taken by me in my backyard "
"Full moon taken on March 17th from Bahia de Banderas, Mexico. "
"Milky Way on autumn season, Chile "
"Hercules &amp; Corona Borealis "
"Core of our #galaxy with my phone "
"Bode's &amp; Cigar #Galaxy shrouded in interstellar dust. "
"A star far away, art by me "
"i made this in blender look at it. "
"Moon Composite that I created. "
"Orion #Nebula from a City Centre "
"Abandoned shack under the Milky Way "
"Polaris and @IWC are excited to collaborate on new timepieces that will raise funds for @StJude after raising over $400,000 during the Inspiration4 campaign last year. IWC has committed to donate four new custom watches for the Polaris Dawn mission.  More: "
"One week out.  #ReturnToSpace launches on April 7, 2022 on @netflix.  Learn more: "
"The sounds of @inspiration4x DragonResilience during a phasing burn.I described in moment as an orchestra but its a more percussion-like rhythm &amp; very pleasant. So thankful for @SpaceX's talented team &amp; all the giants @NASA whose shoulders we stand on. @PolarisProgram up soon "
"Shift4 is headed to @SoBoSpeedway57!   Our next-gen mobile payments and customer engagement solutions will enhance the fan experience at the speedway starting this weekend. "
"Reunited with my amazing @inspiration4x crew members for medical review and a cool tour of @NASA_Johnson. "
"Excited to hang out with the @inspiration4x crew again and learn more about some of the science we supported with @BCMSpaceHealth. I suspect we will also be contributing more  as part of their ongoing research "
"Backed by @Shift4, we'll deliver the highest level of institutional rigor. Lets talk! "
"We accept $BTC and 70 other cryptocurrencies  @Shift4 x @TheGivingBlock = #CaringWithCrypto - Aiming to be the largest #crypto philanthropy campaign in history!  "
"Part of the SAFER Ukraine network, the Herosi Foundation, a #StJudeGlobal partner in Poland, arranged the use of a former 190-room hotel to convert to a triage center, the Unicorn Marian Wilemski Clinic in Poland, including a play area for children. "
"UPDATE: Mars Society Peru &amp; Spain chapter experiment to be flown to the Chinese Space Station in 7 months. Enclosed is the final design according to project manager Roberto Adolfo Ubidia Incio. For details, visit: "
"So, you want to program a space robot?   The Kibo Robot Programming Challenge invites teams of high school and undergraduate students to create programs to move free-flying robots known as Astrobees on the @Space_Station! #RoboWeek  Register by May 16.  "
"Members of Crew 227  at #MDRS go out on EVA missions, monitor plant growth inside our GreenHab, practice using 3D-printed artificial limbs &amp; even occasionally eat cake! Another wonderful analog team at our Utah campus. #marsanalog @UCLouvain_be #stem #education #themarssociety "
"Remember to support #MarsSocietyUkraine members &amp; their families ("
"A 2nd great day at the #CHASM analogue forum with the public in attendance for today's lectures/activities. A special thanks to @PoliEleonore &amp; @MarsSocietyUK for planning the conference and to @Cambridge_Uni for hosting. On to Mars! @astro_chasm #marsanalog #science #education "
"While Russias space chief said he is proposing ending his countrys cooperation on the space station, NASA has said it is still proceeding to extend the agreement for operating the  outpost in orbit to 2030 "
"ISAE-SUPAERO Achieves a Scientific First in the Exploration of Mars - "
"JPL's Dr. Vandi Verma to talk about navigating NASA's two rovers on the surface of Mars during our next #RedPlanetLive video podcast! Register free of charge at: "
"It is so fun to create with @TheMarsSociety and collect dreams about the future of space and Mars travel. In 95 hours these dreams are travelling on a flag and video that will be projected with @SpaceX Thank you @elonmusk for enabling the dreams of the world to travel to space "
"I want to be carried into space by SpaceX - my childhood dream. Dreamt by Gray  Whats your childhood dream?  Art by @AdrianBalasteg1 #taketwoplanet  #thebigdream "
"Today is Day 1 of the #CHASM analogue conference being held at @Cambridge_Uni in coordination with @MarsSocietyUK. A variety of speakers discussing ongoing crew training &amp; missions at analog stations around the world. All presentations will be posted online. @astro_chasm #mdrs "
"A close-up look at a little solar activity courtesy of Crew 227. Crew members have full access to astronomical &amp; solar telescopes on our #MDRS campus during their analog missions. #marsanalog #science #astronomy @UCLouvain_be "
"Sound on  The first study of recordings from @NASAPersevere shows the speed of sound is slower on Mars than on Earth  and that its different for low-pitched &amp; high-pitched noises. The two sound speeds are an effect of the thin CO2 atmosphere. "
"Mars more volcanically active than we thought, #marsquakes hidden in @NASA Insight data suggest "
"NASAs big rocket faces its last test before launching "
"#China has big plans for its new Tiandu space exploration laboratory "
"Members of Crew 227 participating in a variety of scientific research &amp; field studies during their 2-week analog mission at the #MDRS campus in Utah. Stay tuned for more updates. #stem #education #marsanalog  @UCLouvain_be @MDRSupdates "
"Public welcome to attend #CHASM analogue forum at Cambridge U. this Sunday! Registration required. For details, visit: "
"A group of 14 space advocacy organizations today published a joint statement urging rapid U.S. government approval of SpaceXs #Starship test flights. For details, please visit: "
"New views from ESAs #MarsExpress reveal fascinating ice-related features in #Mars Utopia region  home to the largest known impact basin not only on the Red Planet, but in the Solar System.  Read more: "
"ESA is supporting researchers to explore the possibility of growing cultured meat to feed astronauts.   Solving the challenges of growing meat in space could also help us find solutions to produce it sustainably and effectively on Earth.   "
"Ice on Mars gives a peek into the red planets climate history "
"Once human settlement on Mars begins, where should the first habitats be built?"
"Singapore signs the #Artemis Accords - SpaceNews "
"Drilling into #Mars with lasers "
"A Florida court ruled on a civil case allowing authorities to seize $34 million in crypto from a resident they say was selling stolen credentials.  @egreechee reports "
".@FTX_Official has taken a stake in @IEX, which was featured heavily in Michael Lewis best-selling ""Flash Boys,"" in a move to improve the markets for digital assets.  @mikeybellusci reports "
"Bitcoin's Reserve Risk indicator shows preference for long-term holding in the market. reports @godbole17   "
"German police shut down Hydra Market, saying it was likely the largest darknet worldwide, with $1.35 billion in revenue in 2020. @egreechee reports  "
"Twitter isn't a government or a public good. It is a corporation with its stock for sale on the public market and with a leadership structure that can be held accountable.  @NLW analyzes what @elonmusks stake in Twitter means for the platform.  "
"Singapore has passed a law that will make it tougher for crypto companies to use the city-state as a haven to conduct business overseas.  By @amitoj   "
".@elonmusk purchased a 9.2% stake in Twitter, more than four times @jacks 2.25% stake.  Is this a Web 3 play?  Listen to The Breakdown with @NLW.  "
"As India's crypto community grapples with a controversial new tax law, crypto businesses and lawyers are exploring the plausibility of a legal challenge and they may just have a strategy.   By @amitoj  "
"In a statement, @GryphonMining and Sphere said that they had agreed to terminate the agreement ""due to changing market condition, the passage of time, and the relative financial positions of the companies, among other factors.""  JPRubin23 reports  "
"There are more crypto investors in Indonesia than retail stock traders. But new research published from the crypto exchange Gemini helps quantify just how deep their interest is; BTC, ETH are flat in Monday trading.  @thesamreynolds and @JPRubin23 report  "
".@MarathonDH is on track to meet its hashrate guidance of 23.3 exahash per second by early 2023, despite a 45-day delay in deploying its mining rigs during the first quarter.  @Aoyon_A reports  "
"If the creator of Bitcoin is anonymous, why do people celebrate their birthday on April 5?   We explain:  "
"And were live!   Introducing Market Wrap, @CoinDesks daily newsletter that guides you through what happened today in crypto markets  and why. "
".@Glassnode data weighing HODL Waves against realized price makes a bull case for #bitcoin, despite short-term momentum turning negative.   Chart of the Day explains the sentiment, presented by @cryptocom: "
".@TR401 is the founder of @401stc, a storytelling consultancy.   He is a graduate of @SetonHall and was also a 2004 Olympic Trials qualifier in track and field in 400 meters.   Ross joins us at #consensus2022 as a speaker. Register: "
".@dogecoin's price rise following @elonmusk's @Twitter stock purchase is ""a lot less about the news. It's a lot more about the veneer of plausibility that something ... anything might happen,"" @AdamBLevine says.  Watch ""The Hash,"" presented by @turbotax: "
"After @elonmusk asked Twitter if a new social media platform is needed, he revealed he holds a 9.2% stake in the company, causing a 10% spike in some meme coins such as #DOGE .   Are these signs that he may be acquiring Twitter?  Tune in here: "
"Are @Apecoin investors speculating that potential future games will be successful?  ""They have to,"" Digital Strategies' Kalman Gabriel says. ""Because today, Apecoin trades at about $3.5 billion circulating network value.""  Watch more: "
".@SECGov chairman Gary Gensler suggests sharing regulatory oversight of crypto with @CFTC.  @jesseahamilton reports. "
"After yet another DeFi hack, this time @InverseFinance, @zackseward says ""this battle testing hopefully should be productive to [create] a safe industry that can be accommodating of the mainstream"" in the long term.   Presented by @turbotax: "
"MARKET WRAP: Cryptos traded lower on Monday with a 25% drop in $WAVES and a 1% dip in $BTC. Option traders are watching $ETHBTC.  "
".@QE4Everyone's @MatiGreenspan says $DOGE's rise following @elonmusk's @Twitter stock purchase could be from an expectation that he'll ""take the opportunity to push doge forward.""  Presented by @kucoincom: "
"This week, were excited to announce a new addition, Market Wrap, to the growing CoinDesk newsletter roster, and a new look for our newsletters.  "
"Some $180 million flowed into crypto funds in the week through April 1, CoinShares reported on Monday, @AngeliqueChen07 reports  "
"As Axie Infinity scrambles to recover from the Ronin bridge hack, it's putting its other fundamental issues on the back burner, writes @lil_smush.  Opinion for ""The Node"" newsletter. "
"Oklahoma lawmakers are weighing tax-friendly legislation to attract #bitcoin miners.  State Sen. @JM_Montgomery says the state, especially public schools, would benefit from increased property taxes and other tax revenues.  Presented by @Nexo: "
"LIVE: @Coinbase expands operations to India, @BitMEX lays off 75 workers and more.  Former @BTCFoundation and @ChainstoneLabs CEO @brucefenton joins ""All About Bitcoin"" on "
"A new digital euro would offer greater privacy for smaller transactions, but woudn't allow for full anonymity, a group of European finance ministers said on  Monday. By @jackschickler "
"Bitcoin $BTC is in pullback mode after a choppy weekend. Support around $43K could stabilize the down move.  "
"Celo's $CELO token is up 15% on the day as the Celo Foundation announced its $20M 'Connect the World' campaign in Barcelona today. @LedesmaLyllah reports  "
"SCENE REPORT: From Binance and OneOf to a side of PFP NFTs, crypto showed up at this year's #GRAMMYs.  @elitanjourno reports  "
"Crypto exchange @BitMEX has laid off 75 workers, approximately 25% of its global workforce. By @mikeybellusci "
"The @HMTreasuryUK wants to be a global crypto hub. Here's what it has planned.   @camomileshumba reports. "
".@trisolarislabs, a decentralized exchange on the @NEARProtocol, has raised $4.5 million in a strategic investment led by @ElectricCapital. @BrandyBetz reports.  "
"Staking solutions provider @ChorusOne has launched a $25 million to $30 million fund to invest in proof-of-stake networks, protocols and related products.  @BrandyBetz reports  "
"LIVE: @elonmusk becomes the largest outside shareholder of @Twitter, @ecb's CBDC designers wrestle with privacy issues and another multi-million dollar DeFi attack makes the headlines.  ""The Hash"" dishes on today's biggest stories, presented by @turbotax: "
"The U.K. government plans to signal its commitment to crypto technology by issuing an NFT in the coming months.  By @camomileshumba  "
"Digihost became the first publicly traded miner to offer shareholders the option to get dividend payments in bitcoin, starting from the third quarter of this year.  By @Aoyon_A   "
"Paying for gasoline with #bitcoin in Oz. Australia's OTR to begin accepting the crypto for payment from July.  @godbole17 reports in this morning's First Mover Americas. "
"Full story on @CoinDesk: "
"NEW: Chip giant @intel unveiled its second-generation #bitcoin mining chips Monday in a move that offers miners more efficient rigs than most models available in the market.   By @Aoyon_A  "
"Frax Finances FXS governance tokens have surged nearly 80% in the past week as Terra developers introduced the 4pool liquidity pool on stablecoin swap service Curve Finance.  By @shauryamalwa   "
"LIVE: $TWTR and @dogecoin spike as @elonmusk takes an almost $3 billion stake in @Twitter.  @MatiGreenspan of @QE4Everyone, Oklahoma state Senator @JM_Montgomery and Digital Strategies' Kalman Gabriel join ""First Mover"" on "
"Rough session for @wavesprotocol $USDN stablecoin, giving up dollar peg and dropping 15%.  @godbole17 reports. "
"Wei Zhou, the former CFO at Binance, has bought crypto exchange "
"Dogecoins DOGE tokens spiked some 10% on Monday as Elon Musk was revealed to hold a 9.2% stake in social media company Twitter worth around $2.88 billion.  By @shauryamalwa   "
".@coinbase, one of the world's biggest crypto exchanges, is set to quadruple the total number of employees in India to 1,300, CEO @brian_armstrong, who is currently in the country, said. By @amitoj.  "
"UPDATE: Musk has bought almost 73.49 million shares in Twitter, which would be worth $2.88 billion based on Twitter's last close.    By @parikshitm899   "
"Activity in ether's $10,000 call option increased after Hayes' bullish forecast. reports @godbole17  "
"BREAKING: @elonmusk has taken a 9.2% passive stake in @Twitter, according to a report.  By @parikshitm899   "
"VC firm Southeast Asia Exponential Ventures (SeaX) closed a $60 million fund to invest in technology startups, including blockchain and Web 3.  By @camomileshumba   "
"Some 1,400 ether from the unprecedented Ronin $625 million attack last week apparently moved to privacy tool Tornado Cash on Monday, blockchain data show.  By @shauryamalwa  "
".@FTX_Official is in talks to invest in Indian gaming firm @PlayMPL, according to a report.  By @parikshitm899   "
"Privacy may be moving down the priority list as the EU plans its digital euro - and experts worry some design features could make it harder to achieve.   @jackschickler reports  "
"If DBS were to launch a retail crypto exchange it wouldnt look like what many retail traders are used to seeing. There would be a limited selection of tokens, and DeFi would be out of the question; BTC rises late.  @thesamreynolds and @JPRubin23 report  "
"Q1 was a weird, mostly negative quarter for crypto markets, but #bitcoins renewed strength at the end of March could signal we might be at a turning point.  @gckaloudis writes for this weeks Crypto Long &amp; Short newsletter. "
"Love our markets coverage? Were launching a daily newsletter just for you.   Sign up for Market Wrap to get markets analysis and insight right in your inbox, starting tomorrow:  "
"Chess grandmaster and @HRF Chairman @Kasparov63's thoughts on crypto being ""vital for the future development of our world."" Let's use #Consensus2022 as an opportunity to organize and unite on propelling crypto forward.   Register: "
"EXCLUSIVE: The @Pudgy_Penguins NFT collection has been sold to LA-based entrepreneur @LucaNetz in a 750ETH ($2.5 million) deal. @0x_bae reports   "
"DeFi lending protocol @InverseFinance announced today that an exploit allowed an attacker to run away with $15.6 million in user funds.  @skesslr reports  "
"For metaverse real estate investors, the reality that property online will appreciate more than property in the real world isnt too hard to imagine.   Here's what you need to know before you jump into the world of metaverse real estate. "
"Coming next week: Your daily guide to what happened today in crypto markets  and why.  Sign up for our new Market Wrap newsletter, launching Monday:  "
"Russias invasion of Ukraine has had resounding ramifications across the global monetary system and the crypto industry.   @jillrgunter joins The Breakdown with @NLW to discuss cryptos changing public perception in light of these events.  "
"Technology creates more nuance, more technicolor between black and white in how we think about privacy, @NLW says.  @jillrgunter joins The Breakdown to analyze changing consumer expectations around privacy.  "
"While there is quite a bit of interest, there's still quite a bit of skepticism when it comes to crypto solutions for humanitarian aid, Jeremiah Centrella tells ""Money Reimagined"" hosts @mikejcasey and @sheila_warren. #CoinDeskPodcasts "
".@stanikulechov, @kylesamani and @fgthiel founded their companies on the notion that blockchain technology can facilitate more open business and financial models.   Hear from these and other notable figures in the industry at #Consensus2022.   Register: "
"We're living in a new culture economy fueled by innovation, creativity and wit. The influence of NFTs, the metaverse and crypto in this cultural shift is irreversible.   Join us in celebrating the cultural impact of crypto and Web 3 at #Consensus2022. "
"There is growing evidence that #BTC could work as a reserve currency.   On todays episode of Markets Daily we look at a project that may be fulfilling the prophecy by Hal Finney, the late recipient of the first bitcoin transaction.  Tune in: "
"In an interview where @SenWarren called for a U.S. CBDC, she compared crypto to the real estate bubble.  ""Is real estate invented in 2005?"" @davidzmorris asks ironically, adding that comparison is ""laughable.""  ""The Hash"" is presented by @turbotax: "
" #CoinDeskProgess update: We've made a bunch of updates to our #Consensus2022 site with information about our festival of the year, June 9-12.   Plus, check out our updated price pages.   We always welcome feedback at feedback@coindesk.com. "
"This is going to be fun. "
"Another #MoneyReimagined episode that reminded me of what matters.   @JeremiahCentre1 tells @sheila_warren and me of the ""tragedy"" caused by sanctions &amp; derisking - more harm than war, he says  and crypto's potential to put funds directly into the hands of the neediest. "
"#Bitcoin traded under pressure after the EU Parliament approved a bill targeting unhosted wallets.  If $BTC indeed moves upward in the coming months, it's off to a slow start.  Watch Chart of the Day, presented by @cryptocom: "
"Proof-of-stake blockchain @tezos has deployed a major upgrade, changing its consensus algorithm in order to lower block times and improve performance.  By @NelWang "
"Introducing Market Wrap, our daily newsletter that explains what happened today in crypto markets  and why.   Sign up to get the first edition in your inbox when it launches on Monday:  "
"MARKET WRAP: Altcoins such as $AAVE and $SOL outperformed on Friday while bitcoin $BTC rebounded. Stocks traded lower after the US employment report.  "
"NFT LA was a star-studded week that brought out the good and bad of NFT mania. But who was it for, really? @elitanjourno reports. "
"In the past three months, ""we've seen a risk-off sentiment in investors generally,"" says @WisdomTreeEU's @Guthrie_WT.  But, ""we have seen them coming back to the areas that interest them most.""  Presented by @kucoincom: "
"$RIOT underperforms mining peers today after filing to raise up to $500M in equity capital via an ATM offering.  @Aoyon_A reports. "
"""Cash is going away,"" U.S. @RepStephenLynch says. ""What we're trying to do is to recreate cash ... in a digital form with all of its qualities.""  He details the ECASH bill and the development of a digital dollar. Presented by @Nexo: "
"LIVE: It's been a seesaw week for #bitcoin. What's behind the volatility?  Our week in review panel @cryptowords and @Liqquidity join ""All About Bitcoin"" to look back on the week that was and ahead to #BTCMiami2022.  Watch on "
"Bitcoin $BTC bounced off short-term support as upside momentum signals remain intact. Here are some key levels to watch.  "
".@DankBankHQ raised $4,206,900 to turn viral memes into fractionalized NFTs.  @camlearnscrypto reports  "
"The metaverse is supposed to be an open space for everybody. Old-style trade protectionism might get in the way, argues @SamuelMarcLowe in an interview with @jackschickler.  "
"You should always be designing a solution with the needs of the people in mind, not coming up with a solution to force on them, says Jeremiah Centrella on Money Reimagined. @mikejcasey @sheila_warren  "
"Who's using @Filecoin? You are!  The number of projects building on Filecoin &amp; IPFS has tripled in less than a year. We're going to be celebrating that success + welcoming new projects at #FILAustin, June 8, during our event alongside #Consensus2022. Stay tuned for more details. "
"""The possibility of financial liberation is the most powerful force at work in the NFT economy. Its why were seeing digital creativity and collaboration like weve never seen before.""  Opinion for the Money Reimagined newsletter @mikejcasey  "
".@AxieInfinity is delaying the launch of its highly-anticipated Origin upgrade until April 7 after the $625-million exploit revealed earlier in the week. By @NelWang "
"NEW: Twitch co-founder @justinkans marketplace for gaming NFTs raised $35 million from big-name VCs.  @elitanjourno reports  "
"LIVE: No #AprilFools, why @VitalikButerin is defending #bitcoin maxis, @SenWarren calls for the U.S. to create a CBDC and more.  ""The Hash"" crew dishes on today's top stories on "
"Thousands of trailblazing thinkers and doers are taking over the vibrant, boundary-pushing city of Austin, Texas this June.  Are you coming with us? "
"Staking crypto assets refers to the system of locking tokens away in a smart contract in order to be selected to participate in the blockchain validation process and earn rewards. "
"LIVE: Much has been said about the role of crypto in enabling donations to Ukraine. But how revolutionary can crypto be for humanitarian aid?  Former @mercycorps general counsel Jeremiah Centrella joins ""Money Reimagined"" on "
"The @SECgov has rejected an application for a spot bitcoin ETF from @CathieDWoods @ARKinvest and @21Shares. By @mikeybellusci "
"#Bitcoin briefly dropped under support at $45,000 before recovering as it heads toward April, a seasonally bullish month that has chalked up gains for the asset in seven out of the past ten years. By @shauryamalwa "
"LIVE: @RepStephenLynch details the ECASH bill and the development of a digital dollar.  @WisdomTreeEU's @Guthrie_WT on the EU crypto vote and @jimjonescapo talks his NFT project with @DisruptArt's @RobforOHIO on ""First Mover"" on "
"Bitcoin miner PrimeBlock confirmed its plan to go public through a merger with 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II, a special purpose acquisition company, for an estimated enterprise value of $1.25 billion.    By @Aoyon_A   "
"Employers added 431,000 jobs in March, with unemployment down to 3.6, adding pressure on the Fed to tighten. @HeleneBraunn reports  "
"Volatile action in cryptos overnight sees most majors heading south, while $SOL holds its ground.  @shauryamalwa reports. "
"The first day of @Reddit's /r/Place experiment.  /r/Place is a 1000x1000 pixel square. Every Redditor can place a single colored pixel every 5 minutes. Here's what resulted over a 24 hour period.  Source: "
"Flying Through Giga Berlin"
"I forgot how cool European cities are. More compact, denser, more unique / interesting, cleaner, safer, pedestrian/bike friendly, a lot more pedestrian only plazas with people relaxing / hanging out. A lot more of outside is an outdoor living space, not just transportation space."
"STaR: Self-Taught Reasoner Bootstrapping Reasoning With Reasoning "
"I thought browsing internet in the US was unpleasant but Europe is on a whole next level of suffering with GDPR cookie prompts. You have to solve a different puzzle game of make the dialog box go away at every single site before you are rewarded with content you wanted to see"
"Just making sure everyone read The Bitter Lesson, as it is one of the best compact pieces of insight into nature of progress in AI. Good habit to keep checking ideas on whether they pass the bitter lesson gut check "
"Exploring Plain Vision Transformer Backbones for Object Detection "
"Seems likely well have custom (and partially auto-generated) textbooks but for teaching language models, not humans, to help them grok concepts."
"New (small!) language model Chinchilla (70B) outperforms much larger Gopher (280B), GPT-3 (175B), Jurrasic-1 (178B), MT-NLG (530B)  "
"3 simple hacks to improve your vehicles gas mileage. Click our link for 7 more tips: "
"Learn How To Weld From This Nine-Year-Old Pennsylvania Boy "
"Why I'm Building My Own Airplane "
"Turns out, there might really be something to the reports of people seeing their lives flash before their eyes during near-death experiences. "
"Can You Build The Farmer's Fence? "
"How Pencils Are Made "
"Hint: It has to do with its massive, bone-crushing jaws. "
"Cofounded by Keanu Reeves and Gard Hollinger in 2011, ARCH Motorcycle has become synonymous with unbeatable quality thats unique to the person who owns it. "
"This Hack Makes Cleaning Your Outside Window Easier "
"Take Your Work Anywhere With This Portable Standing Desk "
"These Tires Let You Go Off-Roading Anywhere "
"This Unstoppable ATV Goes On Land And Water "
"This Is A Garage For Your Motorcycle "
"This Portable Hammock Doesn't Need Trees "
"Meet the Moki Door Step: "
"The South African billionaire is one of the worlds richest people. Heres how Elon made bank. "
"In a 1907 experiment, a doctor determined the weight of the soul to be 21 grams. But does the science hold up to scrutiny? "
"Need Help Looking Under Your Car? "
"Yard Work Just Got a Whole Lot Easier "
"Try This Pushup 7 Minute Blitz To Get Fit "
"Live And Work From Bed With This Useful Gadget "
"POP Projects: How To Build A Floating Shelf "
"Learn The Difference Between A Kettlebell and a Dumbell with Kelvin Gary "
"How Balloons are Made May Suprise You "
"5 Sitting Exercises Thatll Give You a Full-Body Workout "
"Help Your Kids Build Their Own DIY Desk With These Plans "
"Try These Bear Plank Variations For A Mini Workout "
"You Have To See How The Worlds First Tactical Chair Is Made "
"Don Saladino shows off variations of the secret weapon he adds to all his client's workouts, the loaded carry. "
"In this episode of MADE HERE we visit Hammond's Candies in Denver, Colorado. "
"How Cricket Bats are Made "
"Declutter your outdoor space and keep those pricey items protected. "
"3 simple hacks to improve your vehicles gas mileage. Click our link for 7 more tips: "
"Learn How To Weld From This Nine-Year-Old Pennsylvania Boy "
"Why I'm Building My Own Airplane "
"Can You Build The Farmer's Fence? "
"How Pencils Are Made "
"Cofounded by Keanu Reeves and Gard Hollinger in 2011, ARCH Motorcycle has become synonymous with unbeatable quality thats unique to the person who owns it. "
"This Hack Makes Cleaning Your Outside Window Easier "
"Take Your Work Anywhere With This Portable Standing Desk "
"These Tires Let You Go Off-Roading Anywhere "
"This Unstoppable ATV Goes On Land And Water "
"This Is A Garage For Your Motorcycle "
"This Portable Hammock Doesn't Need Trees "
"Meet the Moki Door Step: "
"The South African billionaire is one of the worlds richest people. Heres how Elon made bank. "
"This lightweight, impressively built setup did well in our testing, besting some of the most powerful rigs available. But at $1,700 for the monitor alone, its a tough sell for anyone, even professionals. "
"Yard Work Just Got a Whole Lot Easier "
"To shove it in a bowl of rice or not to shove it in a bowl of rice? That is the question. "
"Try This Pushup 7 Minute Blitz To Get Fit "
"Live And Work From Bed With This Useful Gadget "
"Scientists finished mapping the final 8 percent of the human genome last May. Finally, the full sequence has been published. "
"POP Projects: How To Build A Floating Shelf "
"Learn The Difference Between A Kettlebell and a Dumbell with Kelvin Gary "
"How Balloons are Made May Suprise You "
"Rivers play an important role in funneling microplastics from our homes into the oceans. "
"5 Sitting Exercises Thatll Give You a Full-Body Workout "
"Get 'em while they're in stockand save up to 33 percent. "
"Help Your Kids Build Their Own DIY Desk With These Plans "
"Try These Bear Plank Variations For A Mini Workout "
"You Have To See How The Worlds First Tactical Chair Is Made "
"Scientists still arent sure, but their theories run the gamut from conserving energy to consolidating memories. "
"Don Saladino shows off variations of the secret weapon he adds to all his client's workouts, the loaded carry. "
"In this episode of MADE HERE we visit Hammond's Candies in Denver, Colorado. "
"After super-heating plasma to 100 million degrees Celsius, Tokamak Energy has achieved ignition temperature for fusion. "
"How Cricket Bats are Made "
"Need Help Looking Under Your Car? "
"You Have To See How The Worlds First Tactical Chair Is Made "
"Try These Bear Plank Variations For A Mini Workout "
"It sits in a different galaxy billions of lightyears away. "
"Help Your Kids Build Their Own DIY Desk With These Plans "
"Eb and Swole: Ultimate Back Flow "
"Stylish, affordable, and ideal for your aquatic pets. "
"How Swiss Army Knives Are Made Will Suprise You "
"We're talking epic deals on Le Creuset, All-Clad, Zwilling, and so many more. "
"Target your upper back with Prone Rows "
"Try This Pushup 7 Minute Blitz To Get Fit "
"ALL OUT: Leg Finishers "
"In a new study, 17 of 22 participants had traces of microplastics in their blood. "
"How Pencils Are Made "
"Don Saladino shows off variations of the secret weapon he adds to all his client's workouts, the loaded carry. "
"Add This Side Plank To Your Routine "
"Easy, delicious meals coming right up! "
"This is the story of the internet, as told by the monumental sites that shaped it. "
"If true, this idea could even help us understand all of the dark matter in our universe. "
"As time goes on, major automakers are catching up to Elons aging crop of EVs. The Ioniq 5 is closest. "
"In this episode of MADE HERE we visit Hammond's Candies in Denver, Colorado. "
"Did a secret society of Confederate allies really bury gold bars stolen from the U.S. Mint? "
"You don't have to empty your bank account for a top-tier gaming experience. "
"How Balloons are Made "
"Seven minute ab blitz "
"The headphones can filter up to 90 percent of particle pollution in the air. "
"How Cricket Bats are Made "
"Target your upper body with this workout: "
"Foam rolling the right way "
"A nine-year-old Pennsylvania boy is poised to become the next great gearhead thanks to his passion for cars. A natural-born tinkerer, Giuseppe loves to spend his time working on engines and creating custom body work. "
"Live And Work From Bed With This Useful Gadget "
"How Skateboards are Made "
"POP Projects: How To Build A Floating Shelf "
"5 Sitting Exercises Thatll Give You a Full-Body Workout "
"New PyTorch 1.11 is out  so I decided to try the torchdata API to build data processing pipelines.  "
"This cavern is used to assemble and service heavy equipment during excavation. Good progress on all fronts in South Dakota. "
"Great to have Nicola Bacchetta return to Fermilab to lead SciDet. He will oversee the technical coordination of CMS upgrades. Welcome back Nicola. "
24
"Do you want an edit button?"
"  # "
"w orz  ##N# "
"I build a rogue-chess for the #LDJAM !! Classic chess rules apply but you replace your entire army with a royal shotgun #gamedev #indiedev #LDJam50 "
"Yet another version of the edge-pixel motion illusion. Even after figuring it out I'm amazed at how compelling it is. "
"2022-03-31  "
" # "
"1  reading   "
"#GLSL vec2 p=(FC.xy/r.y*2.+t*.3)*mat2(sqrt(3.),1,0,2),q,I;for(int i;i++&lt;5;){p*=2.;I=floor(p);q=fract(p);if(q.y&gt;q.x)q=q.yx,I+=.1;if(fsnoise(I)&lt;.5)break;}if(q.x&lt;.95&amp;&amp;q.y&gt;.05&amp;&amp;q.y&lt;q.x-.05)o.rgb=hsv(fsnoise(I*.9),.6,sin(t*3.+fsnoise(I*.8)*PI2)); "
"##  1193 9257 3851 3319"
"OP "
"Three Tesla Model 3s Saved Berea, KY PD $24K on Fuel &amp; Maintenance in Just a Year  "
"Tesla Service Center in Mexico Welcomed the Mayor of Naucalpan  "
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk Buys a 9.2% Stake in Twitter, Becoming Largest Shareholder  "
"Fourteen space advocacy organizations write statement directed at the Federal Aviation Administration to urge approval of SpaceX Starship flights  "
"Tesla Giga Texas Starts Production of Red Multi-Coat Model Ys  "
"Tesla Model 3 &amp; Y Are Switzerlands Best-Selling EVs in Q1 2022  "
"Tesla Community Stands United in Aid of Ukrainians Suffering from War  "
"Meet Axiom's first private astronaut crew that will launch to the Space Station aboard SpaceX Crew Dragon next week  "
"Tesla Model 3 LR Is Most Efficient Electric Vehicle, Per Zutobi EV Miles Report  "
"Tesla Announces the Date for its Financial Results &amp; Earnings Call for Q1 2022  "
"Tesla Delivered Over 310K Vehicles in Q1 2022, Impressing with Productivity  "
"Tesla Model 3 Became the #1 EV in Spain in Q1, Surpassing its Own Sales for All of 2021  "
"Tesla Model 3 Leads the EV Market in France, Spearheading the EV Revolution in Q1  "
"Flying Through Giga Berlin"
"Tesla Giga Texas Amazed US Labor Secretary Who Got a Personal Tour from Elon Musk  "
"Tesla Model 3 Joins the Fleet of Linn Creek PD in Missouri  "
"Tesla Published a Patent for Development of 4680 Battery Cells: ""Sintered cathode active material elements and methods thereof""  "
"Tesla Takes 18%+ EV Market Share in Norway in Q1 with Model Y &amp; Model 3 at Top of List  "
"SpaceX is a sponsor of BiG Heroes 2nd Annual 'Fun Run/Walk' Autism fundraiser in South Texas  "
"SpaceX Transporter-4 Rideshare Mission will deploy 40 spacecraft on Friday Watch It Live!  "
"Tesla Model 3 to Join Kyte's Car-on-Demand Fleet  "
"Tesla's Success Is a Matter of US National Security  "
"Targeting Friday, April 1 for launch of our fourth dedicated smallsat rideshare mission; teams are keeping an eye on weather as the latest forecast shows a 30% chance of favorable liftoff conditions "
"First Giga Berlin-Made Tesla Model Ys Deliver to Owners in Italy    "
"Elon Musk to Attend ONS Conference to Discuss Key Aspects of the Global Energy Problem  "
"SpaceX expects to have 4,200 Starlink satellites in operation within 18 months  "
"Tesla FSD Beta Should Be Available in Europe for LHD Cars this Summer, Elon Musk Confirms  "
"Tesla Strikes Nickel Supply Deal with Vale SA, Sources Say  "
"Tesla Megapacks Selected for 100 MW/200 MWh BESS by Australian State Utility  "
"Tesla Giga Berlin-Made Model Ys Are Delivered to Mannheim, Germany    "
"Tesla Giga Berlin Nominated as Innovation Location of the Year by Die Deutsche Wirtschaft  "
"Elon Musk says SpaceX aims to complete a total of 60 missions in 2022 the most annual rocket launches to date!  "
"First Tesla Giga Berlin-Made Model Ys for Denmark Are Delivered  "
"Tesla May Open Superchargers in UK to All EVs in a Few Weeks, Transport Secretary Says  "
"London Funds Purchase 100 Tesla Model 3s for Vehicle-as-a-Service Provider Breathe  "
"Is trusting your gut always the right thing to do? "
"How will the landmasses we know rearrange in the future? "
"Supercontinents disperse and assemble in cycles; what might lie in Earth's future? "
"Turning food scraps into methane could be the key to reducing reliance on natural gas. "
"Cloning has come a long way since Dolly the sheep. The technology is being used to clone beloved pets, test new drugs and could even revive extinct species. "
"It turns out weve been laughing at the same things for thousands of years. "
"Is hydrogen the future of clean aviation?  "
"More than 30 years on from its discovery, we dont hear much about the ozone hole anymore. What happened? "
"If you want to know the evolutionary history of the chili pepper, or how to breed a climate change-proof chickpea, seed banks provide an intriguing dataset to draw on. "
"The most common barrier to acts of kindness is fear of being misinterpreted. "
"Seed banks are primarily to help plant breeders looking to create better, hardier, or tastier crops. "
"To harvest wind energy from the heights where it blows fastest, the key may be to fly a kite. "
"Brands know that consumers want to buy things that are good for the planet  and sometimes use misleading and unverifiable claims to make them more appealing.  "
"Coffee, chocolate and spices used to be luxuries, but have become everyday items for many. Now, rising temperatures and higher rainfall could change that. "
"Consumers are often forced to take brand claims at face value, because they dont have the time, resources or expertise to check and verify them. "
"Many people stop playing when they become adults, but learning to play again can have a myriad of benefits. "
"""Sleep training"" is seen by some as the key to a good night's rest. Others argue that it's distressing for babies. Whats the science? "
"When a pristine Caribbean mangrove was decimated by a tourism project, locals found a way restore it to its former glory. "
"Baby sleep training is an entire industry across the Western world. But does it actually work? "
"Using isotope analyses, researchers have been to look at the diet and origins of each of the adults in the group. "
"Enormous gardens created by the wealthy have lasted for hundreds of years, even if theyre no longer maintained. "
"There is perfect pleasure in puttering.  "
"Gardens are surprisingly resilient. "
"Flying Through Giga Berlin"
"Finding your true self in the wind of the mountains.#Model3 : Ronin "
"Great hosting @ashleevance this weekend in Seattle! Got some sailing in and talked about what @RenderedAI is doing in #artificialintelligence and #syntheticdata. Check out the whole episode (including @IVinvents) when it comes out here: "
"""Bankman-Fried is a thought experiment from a college philosophy seminar come to life.""  "
"Seattle is alright "
"We have lift-off! Electron is in the air for our 25th mission. "
"Had some extraordinary pizza today thanks to these guys "
"Look,mom, inflation "
"Behold "
"There should be more options than just pee and asparagus pee"
"Carlos Alcaraz is a human highlight reel.    @alcarazcarlos03 #MiamiOpen "
"Finally! The audiobook version of China Syndrome, my #Covid_19 origin story based on the 1st SARS outbreak of 02-03. This scientific thriller explains why the current epidemic was inevitable. A Village Voice &amp; New York Public Library Best Book of the Year &amp; my best book so far "
"The kind folks at "
"Baffling. I could think of no better ploy than to convince adversaries to try to replicate the SLS "
"This interview where the young tennis players tell @BillieJeanKing how easy she had it with the media is something "
"Is there a support group for all the tennis lines people who lost their jobs forever? What do they do now?"
"Charge only USB cables are a cancer."
"New blog post: ""Entropy decoding in Oodle Data: Huffman decoding on the Jaguar"" "
"My headset strap broke. Im going to go full nerd and wrap it with duct tape. "
"When I let myself spend a day doing CUDA work, I'm usually quite happy afterwards. Optimization is a grand puzzle game with an objective score function! I have to make myself stop at a wise point, despite all the intriguing rabbit holes left to pursue. \"
"""Don't use goto"" is terrible. It's just opinion. (Bad opinion cuz it's wrong.) It really means ""avoid spaghetti code."" That's a stronger guide. Still terrible, mostly opinion. Try ""prefer linear code.""  It subsumes the others, and is *justified* by caching, no/few branches, etc."
"the days of usenet, irc, the web...even email (w PGP)...were amazing. centralizing discovery and identity into corporations really damaged the internet.  I realize I'm partially to blame, and regret it."
"Every time I travel, I forget a charger and am reminded that the Apple Watch cant wireless charge from the battery of the iPhone. But it would be sweet if it could."
"NEW VIDEO: YouTube Needs to Fix This  "
"Just finished @MKBHD latest and greatest. Its crazy to think of things this way sometimes. But the older you get.   "
"NEW VIDEO: YouTube Needs to Fix This  "
"Ok but I have a serious video to upload today"
"we are working on an edit button"
"Apple Polishing Cloth Review "
"Tech Company Accidentally Unveils Product People Actually Want on April Fool's Day"
"This is your annual reminder that tomorrow is April Fools Day, and not to take any headlines you see for the next 48 hours too seriously"
"NEW VIDEO - I really want electric cars to be the future, but this is getting ridiculous  The Electric Car Pre-Order Problem: "
"NEW VIDEO - I really want electric cars to be the future, but this is getting ridiculous  The Electric Car Pre-Order Problem: "
"Rant video incoming..."
"Get in the zone with Dysons latest technology.   30 years of air filtration expertise pioneered into a wearable, high-end audio device. With a contact-free visor to supply a continuous stream of purified air to your nose and mouth. So, you can breathe cleaner air, anywhere."
"Its a beautiful 305-degree Kelvin day outside  "
"So that Daylight Saving Time legislation is pretty cool, but how bout switching to Celsius?"
"This morning Im 99% sure I saw Dennis Rodman driving a convertible red Lamborghini on my way to the studio Its 29 degrees. What a legend."
"Just posted a photo "
"Being a comedian in 2010 Tonight come see my talk about the one time I accidentally swallowed my own cum. Being a comedian in 2022 Please vote for Kasha Prescott in the 4th district for city council. I have been deeply impressed by her commitment to giving children heroin."
"LETS FUCKING GO "
"DENVER WE COME IN PEACE.  Tickets available for the 10pm show Saturday "
"A robot made of magnetic slime could be deployed inside the body to perform tasks such as retrieving objects swallowed by accident. "
"I had a great time chopping it up with the great and powerful @yannispappas! Available now on @spotify "
"@marshallmaerogan met the new studio werewolf from @mageefx.  Let the memes begin! "
"Detroit! Tickets are on presale right now "
"An ICU nurse taking some required training shares this from what they are learning at work... "
"Were getting deeper into engine cycles in my next video, a lot deeper! Understand this topic, and youll have a really good grasp on how rocket engines work! Im such a visual learner myself, so were putting tons of extra effort in these newest videos! 3D by @Caspar_Stanley "
"Three Crew Access Arms of the Space Coast.    for @NASASpaceflight "
"Anyone have a good source on the weight/output of the @Tesla Model S Plaid motor? In this section we're showing why electric turbo pumps don't scale up well. Based on these (potentially inaccurate) numbers, it would take ~676 motors just to spin the pumps of an RD-170! @elonmusk "
"I just wanted to say I've had an overwhelming sense of gratitude lately. So I wanted to say thank you to all of you who help make my dreams possible. From the financial support of my Patrons, YouTube Members, Superchatters or shoppers, to my subscribers and followers..."
"YURIS NIGHT LA IS BACK Live &amp; in person again for 2022 Dance under the Space Shuttle Sat, April 9, 7pm-12am  Featured Guest @inspiration4x astronaut @DrSianProctor  Advance &amp; VIP tickets now available!  Get tickets here "
"Tomorrow morning, @blueorigin will launch six people on #NS20 to just above the Krmn line!! On board will be Gary Lai, Marty Allen, @SharonHagle, Marc Hagle, @DrGeorgeNield, and @JimKitchen!! Read all about NS-20 in our article written by @AustinDeSisto! "
"Before handing over the key Shkaplerov briefly mentions ongoing tensions between US and Russia: ""People have problems on Earth. On orbit we are... one crew."""
"Raft stacker in Guilin, via Best of China. "
"The Kobelco SK3500D is the world's largest demolition machine. "
"Jetbond ST / SK automatic ski binding release testing device at Montana Ski Tuning &amp; Boot Fitting. "
"LUCAS device for CPR by Stryker. "
"Autonomous strawberry harvesting by @tortugaagtech. "
"Booster 7 conducted its first ever cryogenic proof test, Ship 24's aft section was stacked on top of Booster 8's forward section, and a Ship transfer tube was delivered.  Video + Photos by Mary (@BocaChicaGal) and Nic (@NicAnsuini) for @NASASpaceflight.  "
"The stars are beckoning us.   Artemis on Launch Complex 39B under a blanket of stars.     for @NASASpaceflight "
"Kids, Horses &amp; Rockets             Hey local SpaceX fans! Bring your kids Saturday, Im offering free pony rides for the youth on my horses at Starship. Bring your camera, its a truly cosmic experience!   Oh and bring   or  for treats.   Saturday April 9, 9am-12pm "
"Sometimes when the sunlight hits a nosecone just right, you can see into humanitys future let me tell ya its pretty bright!  - @NASASpaceflight "
"In a hurry? Here's 1.5 hours of Superheavy Booster 7 cryo in less than 30s.  Test is ongoing over at @NASASpaceflight Starbase LIVE:  "
"For the record, the countdown clock stopped at T -31 minutes 36 seconds. "
"Booster 7 now undergoing cryoproofing. Frost forming.  "
"Interesting that no word has arrived about LH2 fueling, which should have begun after 10 minutes of chilldown. It's been more than 16 minutes now since chilldown started.  Not an indication of an issue, but not sure what it means per ""teams figuring it out.'"
"Theyve gone for cooling down the propellant lines for Liquid Hydrogen "
"Since LOX slow fill started 11 mins ago; here'stiming of other Core Stage fueling ops. Should be getting to LOX fast fill 15 mins after slow fill started. LH2 load - the big decision point from a fuel-for-tomorrow standpoint - should start 25mins after LOX slow fill. #Artemis1 "
"The Transporter-4 mission has been completed with the arrival of B1061 onboard Just Read the Instructions this morning.   @NASASpaceflight mission overview: "
"Interesting little pipe you got there  - @NASASpaceflight "
"Meanwhile, at Starbase, Booster 7 says, ""You want some venting? Well, I've got some riiiiiiight here!""  "
"Ah!  Context for what's happening right now.  Thank you, Wayne! "
"@ChrisG_NSF Team has not taken any options off the table yet and will continue to assess as we move forward. LH2 loading ops has not started yet.-JP"
"Venting from the base as Booster 7 moves into testing.  Watch the day in Starbase Live: "
"So theres been an issue during fuelling But no indication on how it affects todays ability to do the full test.  As of right now, the clock is still counting down. "
"Welcome back to Port Canaveral SpaceX Falcon 9 Booster 1061.7  Follow along at "
"New downcomer at Starbase!  - @NASASpaceflight "
"Falcon 9 B0161 returning to Port Canaveral on SpaceX drone ship Just Read The Instructions.  Humans (and Octagrabber) for scale.  "
"The countdown clock has now resumed at T-6:40 and counting. Teams are beginning cryo prep activities. Coming up we have chill down operations and pressurization of the interim cryogenic propulsion stage (ICPS) helium bottles.-JP MORE: "
"WDR Take Two   Teams at Kennedy are go to proceed with tanking ahead of the all important final critical test of SLS.  Article: "
"As SpaceX prepares to fully stack Ship 24, its nosecone was moved outside the tents. Meanwhile, a heat exchanger was moved at the launch site.  Video and Pictures from @BocaChicaGal and the NSF Robots. Edited by @cait_vs.   "
"Per their website, @Axiom_Space says their #axiom1 mission is now no earlier than Friday, April 8 at 11:17 am EDT/1517 UTC on the #Falcon9."
"Three Crew Access Arms of the Space Coast.    for @NASASpaceflight "
"#Artemis post-Wet Dress Rehearsal scrub telecon updates from #NASA. A thread...."
"With SLS scrubbed for the day, come join me, Chris Bergin, and Philip Sloss for a Raptorside Special Q&amp;A on Starbase Live at 3 PM EDT! Bring your SLS and Starship questions.  "
"The brand new Shuttle Atlantis during rollout at Palmdale, California in 1985.  #ShuttleSunday "
"Arrival! Bob returns to Port Canaveral with two good looking fairing halves from Transporter-4!  "
"Teams have officially SCRUBBED todays wet dress rehearsal fuelling for the SLS and will try again tomorrow. #Artemis"
"There is an issue with the prime and redundant supply fans for ML pressurization. Team is holding on cryo flow to troubleshoot and evaluate a path forward.-JP"
"New targeted test T-0 is 6:10 p.m. EDT.-JP"
"(1/2) Team has been given a go for cryo loading and is now into pre ops. There are a number of automated monitors that are linked to the clock so it will get resynced over the next hour before it starts actually counting down beyond T-6 hrs."
"Water tower top-off in progress a head of SLS WDR.  Article: "
"Wet Dress Rehearsal has arrived! Today's test will take 39B's critical hydrogen fuel systems &amp; their major upgrades through their paces ahead of #Artemis1!  Nathan (@NASA_Nerd) &amp; I deep dive into the LH2 changes #NASA has made for its new Moon rocket.   "
"Booster 7 was lifted onto the Orbital Launch Mount for testing, Raptor engines were spotted in storage, and crews worked on the Wide Bay bridge crane.  Video + Photos by Nic (@NicAnsuini) and the NSF Robots for @NASASpaceflight.   "
"Orange Rocket Good    for @NASASpaceflight "
"As you can see, #SuperHeavy Booster 7 still needs some engines.   Both B7 and #Starship 24 will be outfitted with newer Raptor 2s, which are more powerful, more reliable, and easier to manufacture en masse. "
"(1/2) The launch team is continuing to monitor severe weather in the area surrounding LC 39B. This afternoon, one of the three, nearly 600 ft lightning towers was struck. The lightning protection system works together to protect the rocket from lightning strikes."
"Classy Bay  - @NASASpaceflight "
"The first and last Moon rocket prior to SLS to ever grace LC-39B.  The Saturn V with Apollo 10 lifts off on May 18, 1969, with Gene Cernan, John Young, &amp; Tom Stafford on the all-but-land dress rehearsal for Apollo 11.  #SaturnSaturday  : NASA "
"B7 and Ship 20 chillin by da beach   - @NASASpaceflight "
"Two spacewalks, a crew arrival and departure, and a plethora of groundbreaking science experiments were on the agenda for the crew of Expedition 66 aboard the ISS in March.   ARTICLE: "
"Saturn I (SA-4) at LC-34 - March 28, 1963.  Booster milestone: Engine 5 shut off at 100 seconds, and the other four continued to fire.   Despite fears, Engine 5 survived the heat from the lack of cooling prop, helping to validate the clustered engine design.  #SaturnSaturday "
"Wide bay is getting its gantry crane today!  - @NASASpaceflight "
"SpaceX's impressive-looking Booster 7 is being installed on the Orbital Launch Mount (OLM).  Live views from Nic (@NicAnsuini) and the NSF bots: "
"Rocket Labs Electron launches with two BlackSky satellites on the 25th mission.  Overview: "
"B7 takes flight for the first time!  - @NASASpaceflight "
"Over at Starbase, Booster 7 is being lifted!  "
"Friday Night Lights at Launch Complex 39B.  With the countdown well underway, technicians are busy working to ready the vehicle for the Wet Dress Rehearsal with tanking scheduled for Sunday.   for @NASASpaceflight "
"Rocket Labs Electron launches with two BlackSky satellites on the 25th mission.  Overview: "
"Approaching the T- 1 hour mark for Rocket Lab's ""Without Mission A Beat."" Preparations are on track for launch at 12:41 UTC.  Article by Joseph Navin (@josephanavin): "
"Booster 7 is now freestanding at the launch site after crews unhooked the LR 11000 crane. Meanwhile, aft sections for Booster 8 were moved into the High Bay for stacking.  Video and Pictures from Mary (@BocaChicaGal) and the NSF Robots.   "
"The call to stations has taken place.  Let the #SLS WDR begin.  #Artemis #WeAreGoing "
"Did you see that #Starship's Booster 7 looked different as it rolled to the pad yesterday? Curious what other changes are coming?  Check out our sweet narrated update on the newest designs to Booster &amp; Ship as #SpaceX keeps making progress in Texas!   "
"B7 be lookn fineeee!  - @NASASpaceflight "
"Rideshare deployment sequence complete"
"Lovely day at the beach!   Weather came around to allow Falcon 9 to launch the Transporter-4 mission, even with less than ideal viewing conditions.   Mission overview by Lee Kanayama (@Falcon_1e): "
"SpaceX Falcon 9 B1061 conducts its seventh landing, with a touchdown on ""Just Read The Instructions"".  Solid feed from the drone ship!  #AnotherHappyLanding "
"Fairing separation confirmed "
"LAUNCH! SpaceX Falcon 9 B1061-7 launches the Transporter-4 mission from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral.  Overview: "
"SpaceX Transporter-4 mission set to launch on Falcon 9 B1061-7 from SLC-40 at Cape Canaveral.  Overview: "
"The sounds of @inspiration4x DragonResilience during a phasing burn.I described in moment as an orchestra but its a more percussion-like rhythm &amp; very pleasant. So thankful for @SpaceX's talented team &amp; all the giants @NASA whose shoulders we stand on. @PolarisProgram up soon "
"The weather has been horrendous the last few hours, but the rain has stopped! Lets keep it that way!  Falcon 9 is set to lift off at 12:24pm EDT from SLC-40 at the Cape.   Overview: "
"Booster 7 enjoying the Starbase Sunrise at the Orbital Launch Site, accompanied by Booster 4 and Ship 20.  "
"Launch Complex 39 with the VAB and pads A &amp; B. "
"The capsule and trunk for #CrewDragon Endeavour have been mated together, and the vehicle is heading to the HIF at LC-39A to be integrated with its #Falcon9 launch vehicle.  The #Ax1 mission will be Endeavours 3rd flight, having previously supported the Demo-2 &amp; Crew-2 missions. "
"#SpaceX is scheduled to launch its 1st of 6 missions in April with #Transporter4 from SLC-40 at 12:24 EDT/16:24 UTC, but the weather forecast shows a 70% chance of violation.  Article: Lee Kanayama (@Falcon_1e) Photo: Julia Bergergon (@julia_bergeron) "
"SpaceX rolled out Booster 7 to the launch site for testing. Booster 7 is currently slated to fly the first orbital test flight along with Ship 24.  Video and Pictures from @BocaChicaGal, @NicAnsuini and the NSF Robots. Edited by Nathan Shields.   "
"A slew of design changes to both Ship and Booster have happened and more are coming. Super Heavy is getting chines and Starship is finally getting a payload bay.  Video + Photos by Mary (@BocaChicaGal), Nic (@NicAnsuini) for @NASASpaceflight.   "
"Scattered amongst all the news from today: #NASA has issued a draft announcement for a Request for Information (RFI) for the #SLD lunar lander contract.  Companies aside from SpaceX can place bids, and the lander that is selected can compete with Starship for future contracts. "
"Falcon 9 is standing tall ahead of the Transporter-4 mission scheduled for tomorrow, April 1, 16:24 UTC (12:24 EDT) The question is, will B1061 take flight for a 7th time or will weather win?  Stay tuned to @NASASpaceflight to find out! "
"A video I got with my phone of the test #QM3 #LAS "
"Out here at Promontory. The rain has stopped and the weather is better. Getting Rady to watch the Orion #QM3 LAS motor test. "
"The #Artemis1 launch countdown milestones -- the same ones to be used this weekend for Wet Dress Rehearsal!  #GettingCloser  "
"Blue Origin's New Shepard launches six people on a suborbital hop.  "
"Preparing to hook up Booster 7.   Human for scale!  "
"Booster 7 checking in with Starhopper as it reached the launch site.   @NASASpaceflight "
"Hopper. Booster 4. Booster 7. Ship 20.  "
"This is getting out of hand. Now there are two of them.  "
"#BlueOrigin is set to launch its third crewed mission on the suborbital #NS20 mission this morning.  Liftoff is timed for around 8:30a CDT (13:30 UTC), and teams are currently working ahead of the timeline to launch.  From Tyler Gray (@TylerG1998): "
"Booster 7 heading to the OLS where Booster 4 and Ship 20 await to greet it.  "
"Booster 7 making good speed down Highway 4!  "
"B7 is FINALLY moving towards the highway!!! Lets roll this parade!  Watch it happen in real time with the NSF team! "
"Live commentary of Booster 7's rollout.  "
"Peekaboo!  - @NASASpaceflight "
"Three new Raptor V2 engines were delivered, a Haas VM-6 vertical milling center was trucked in, and a new nosecone barrel was spotted outside the production tents.  Video + Photos by Mary (@BocaChicaGal) and Nic (@NicAnsuini) for @NASASpaceflight.   "
"Moon rocket "
"Far out!  Check out this throwback footage of our team assembling @NASAHubble back in the 80s in Sunnyvale, California. Warning: May cause feelings of nostalgia. "
"RS-25 test on the A-1 test stand at Stennis:  (They could work the scene selection better than this, but grateful we get to see the tests live!)  "
"A trio of atmospheric research satellites, known as Tianping-2, have been successfully launched into orbit from Jiuquan, China.   Article: "
"Nic (@NicAnsuini) spots the arrival of a Haas VM-6 high-performance VMC. This can be used to machine metal parts on site.  "
"Doug Hurley also confirming that NG is not expecting to see anything different with how the SRBs will respond when the SLS Core Stage is fueled compared to what they saw with Shuttle. Instrumentation on these boosters to confirm, but not expecting to see anything real different."
"Doug Hurley (yes, that Doug) says @northropgrumman is on track w/ SRB work to support returning astronauts to Moon in 2026. Each 5-segment SRB will produce 3.5 million lbs of thrust at liftoff.  Shuttle-era cases through Artemis 8, then transition BOLE boosters w/ Artemis 9. 1/3"
".@northropgrumman confirms they have enough #Antreas rocket hardware through NG-19 (two more) and are investigating launch vehicle options for further Cygnus flights after that. Cygnus is launch vehicle agnostic, so this isn't an issue."
"SpaceX has moved a Raptor 1 from Tent 1 and placed it on the Truck for removal!  Anyone have an accurate count of how many raptors are at Starbase rn?  - @NASASpaceflight "
"Raptor 2 spotted at Starbase!  - @NASASpaceflight "
"Raptor 2, SN 25 rolls into tent 1!  - @NASASpaceflight "
"Probably the last time Americans and Russians fly together in space for a long time, but Roscosmos was professional and classy with Mark's return. "
"355 days and Mark Vande Hei is in boss mode. Looks like he could launch again later in the day! "
"Survey: Respondents that have experienced 50% or more devaluation  against the USD over the last 10 years were more than 5 times as likely to say they plan to purchase crypto in the coming year  "
"Survey: Respondents that have experienced 50% or more devaluation  against the USD over the last 10 years were more than 5 times as likely to say they plan to purchase crypto in the coming year  "
"First day of a quarter is interesting.  Can see what people wanted to own but were afraid to show."
"They even have bitcoin miners in shipping containers so it can drop into any remote location with excess energy.  Well do the miners mind?  The miners?    Mom, theyre computers  Oh!  (After I thought I had successfully explained the whole system)"
"Time is more important than timing "
"@whale_alert The numbers seem to add up. 11,325 BTC stolen in July 2014   "
"life:  transfigure  raw energy into  information  (as efficiently as possible)"
"Transparency is coming for venture  Companies dont want it  GPs dont want it  LPs dont even want it  All all just pushing against the tide"
"Apropos of nothing, Greenpeace has been and remains anti-nuclear power  (An objectively disastrous environmental policy stance) "
"Kathy Hannun, founder &amp; President of @DandelionEnergy, joins ARK's @skorusARK on FYI to talk about geothermal heating &amp; cooling of homes. Until recently, several factors prevented this technology from scaling in the US. What has changed? Listen to EP 125! "
"Economics twitter today "
"I need a edit button."
"ESG is still not perfectly executed.  But much fewer CEO would have taken an action against Russia with respect to their invasion if it were not for #ESG movements."
"Marriage of Teslas innovation and German  diligence and  craftsmanship.  Cant think of anything but great cars.   Flying Through Giga Berlin "
"It is time to stop burning our planet &amp; start investing in the abundant renewable energy all around us.  New @IPCC_CH report sets out viable, financially sound options in every sector that can keep the possibility of limiting global warming to 1.5 alive. "
"IPCC () "
"The the last and possibly the biggest obstacle for implementing real world AI is our overestimation of our own abilities."
"()  "
"Universal Owners | Institute and Faculty of Actuaries "
"EV5 EV "
"We need emergency actions in the middle of clear and present crisis and must not hesitate. We must also recognize  that our fight for saving the planet will be tougher afterwards. #ClimateCrisis   "
"Shiba Uni seems the most common and confusing typo for Japanese. ( meant to be Inu not Uni)  Uni means this in Japanese.  Sea urchin. It makes a good Sushi ingredient.  Inu doesn't. "
"We need emergency actions in the middle of clear and present crisis and must not hesitate. We must also recognize  that our fight for saving the planet will be tougher afterwards. #ClimateCrisis   "
"#GPIF HP #ESG GPIFESG "
"EVIoT    EV"
"2 "
#
AI
"M3 with planets of our solar system.   #japanesesweet #chocolate "
"Giga Berlin Delivery Day  "
"Our addiction to fossil fuels is killing us.   People and ecosystems are being clobbered by climate change.  We need urgent, transformative efforts from all countries to eliminate coal &amp; stop expanding oil &amp; gas exploration to keep warming to 1.5 degrees."
"SNSESG ESG"
"    ##EV # EV# 11 "
" #3 "
"When explosive weapons are used in populated areas, 90% of the casualties are civilians, causing devastating suffering.  I again call on countries to avoid using explosive weapons in populated areas. "
"There exist many green or ESG washing in corporate PR and disclosures.  It's away better than not washed . ( remember the times when talking about sustainability in business was treated as activism?) Having said that, we will soon standardize disclosure/verification mechanisms."
"Looks even more magical at night.  # #M3 "
"Futher reading: "
"A giant phantom jelly spotted 990 meters (3,250 feet) beneath the surface in Monterey Bay. These deep sea jellyfish can grow to 10 meters (33 feet) in length with a bell up to one meter (3.3 feet) across. "
"A giant phantom jelly spotted 990 meters (3,250 feet) beneath the surface in Monterey Bay. These deep sea jellyfish can grow to 10 meters (33 feet) in length with a bell up to one meter (3.3 feet) across. "
"Autonomous sumo robots have some amazing moves. "
"Earth at night seen from space. "
"A baby elephant takes its first steps. "
"Peacock mantis shrimp eyes have 16 photoreceptors, compared to a human's three, and can see not just visible, but also ultraviolet and polarized light. "
"A mesmerizing timelapse of the Sun in ultraviolet light, captured by the SDO spacecraft over the course of a month. "
"A curious whale gives a paddle boarder a gentle nudge of the coast of Puerto Madryn, Argentina.  Credit: Maximiliano Jonas "
"Our military families are important. This month underscores the important role military children have in our military &amp; allows us to recognize those children for the daily sacrifices and challenges they overcome for our #Airmen &amp; #Guardians. #milkids #militarychildren "
"Today is the official start of the 37th Space Symposium  It's going to be quite a week make sure to follow us on all our social platforms to get a behind the scenes look! You still have time to register virtually #37space "
"Today is the International Day of Transgender Visibility. The @USAirForce &amp; @SpaceForceDoD are proud to celebrate the accomplishments of barrier-breaking public servants on this day including our transgender #Airmen, #Guardians, civilians, &amp; #milfamily members. #OneTeam "
"Investing in our #Guardians now and in the future will ensure that the #SpaceForce continues to evolve to fit the ever-growing space domain and ensure we maintain a competitive advantage. "
"Improving the quality of life, homes, base infrastructure and support services for our #Guardians and families will ensure enduring advantages that enhance warfighter capability across the globe. #OneTeamOneFight "
"Continued investment in National Security Space Launch Services will provide assured access to space for our nation's critical operational and intelligence satellites. #OneTeamOneFight #PartnersInSpace "
"With resilient space architectures, #SpaceForce will deliver for the U.S., its allies &amp; the world, the spacepower essential to security, peace &amp; freedom... #SemperSupra. "
"On #VietnamVeteransDay, we thank all veterans and families who served and sacrificed in Vietnam like Pam Cain and her father, Col Oscar Mauterer, MIA 02/15/1966. He is 1 of 1584 unaccounted for from Vietnam. Thank you for answering the Nation's call. "
"Tomorrow, #FIDAE22, one of the largest air &amp; space shows in Latin America will begin in Santiago, Chile. SpOC Guardians from @Buckley_AFB &amp; @psgarrison will be on hand throughout the week to speak with guests &amp; participants about the @SpaceForceDoD mission. Stay tuned! "
"Today is the official start of the 37th Space Symposium  It's going to be quite a week make sure to follow us on all our social platforms to get a behind the scenes look! You still have time to register virtually #37space "
"#ICYMI, @SpaceForceCSO John W. ""Jay"" Raymond and his spouse @raymond_mollie visited the C-Band Radar located at Harold E. Holt Naval Communication Station on March 24 in Exmouth, Western Australia. #OneTeamOneFight #PartnersInSpace "
"It's never too early to start training for the @RunSpaceForce 10 miler Dec. 10, 2022. Registration opens on May 4. For more information visit: "
"What is the role of space in the US-China competition, and how are space and cyber connected? Find out in the latest episode of the #PacificCenturyPodcast, where Misha Auslin is joined by @JackieGSchneid and General John Raymond, Chief of @SpaceForceDoD: "
"Congratulations to Lisa Costa, chief technology and innovation officer of the @SpaceForceDoD, on her selection for the 2022 #Wash100 Awards.  Visit "
"The first CY22 Career Intermission Program application window opens April 1, for eligible Airmen and Guardians interested in a one to three-year temporary break from active duty to meet personal or professional needs outside the service."
"Investing in our #Guardians now and in the future will ensure that the #SpaceForce continues to evolve to fit the ever-growing space domain and ensure we maintain a competitive advantage. "
"Superiority in the space domain is critical to defending our nation against near-peer threats. Embracing innovation, experimentation and smart investments in new and game-changing technologies will ensure we maintain our advantage in the space domain. #OneTeamOneFight "
"The further development of the #SpaceForce force structure will ensure we have the capabilities necessary to protect and defend our nation into the future. "
"Improving the quality of life, homes, base infrastructure and support services for our #Guardians and families will ensure enduring advantages that enhance warfighter capability across the globe. #OneTeamOneFight "
"Our #Guardians are our greatest assets, ensuring competitive pay and benefits is essential to retaining and recruiting the best talent possible. #OneTeamOneFight "
"Continued investment in National Security Space Launch Services will provide assured access to space for our nation's critical operational and intelligence satellites. #OneTeamOneFight #PartnersInSpace "
"To properly organize, train, equip and present forces to the joint force, the #SpaceForce must have a budget that matches the mission. The FY2023 Department of the Air Force budget will ensure our #Guardians can ensure a free and open space domain. "
"Today, we honor all the Vietnam Veterans who honorably served. Thank you for your service and sacrifice in support of our great nation. "
"This week, Future Perfect is running a series of eight pieces on preventing the next pandemic  Im proud we were talking about pandemic prevention before Covid hit. Our hope here is to get specific about how to ensure it doesnt happen again   "
"Louis CK winning a Grammy after more than four years of being mostly sidelined, does not in any way prove that ""cancel culture"" isn't real; it proves that his offenses weren't broadly considered egregious enough to permanently disqualify him from a career."
"John Nash was a mathematical genius. He is the only person to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics and the Abel Prize.   Here is his recommendation letter for the graduate college at Princeton written in 1948. "
"Every decision we make is with our childrens health and safety in mind.   Children between 2 and 4 should continue to wear their masks in school and daycare come Monday."
"Misinformation, or as I like to call it, preinformation."
"BREAKING: my @VanityFair investigation into @EcoHealthNYC, @NIAIDNews transparency and debate over #COVID19 origins is live. Vanity Fair obtained over 100,000 internal EcoHealth Alliance documents including meeting minutes, internal emails, reports. "
"founder just shared DEI notes from a recruiter in which it was argued the words ""decisions,"" ""leads,"" ""analytics,"" ""challenges,"" and ""competitive"" were ""masculine-coded,"" and would encourage women not to apply. overt sexism in the name of ending sexism. this stuff is cancer."
"Crazy thought but what if the world is roughly as sane/mad as its always been, but weve sleepwalked into an AI-driven attention economy that artificially amplifies the craziest opinions on Earth and feeds them to us 24/7, utterly skewing our perception of reality? Huh."
"There's not many stories that can trump this  Astronaut Mark Kelly took a gorilla suit on board the International Space Station without telling anyone  One day, without anyone knowing, he put it on... "
"What % communication loss is there between two people in a verbal conversation? Between unclear word choices, differences in the preloaded constructs in each partys head, and differing emotions and incentives it feels like it averages to north of 20%? Curious what others think."
"Up next  targeting Wednesday, April 6 for @Axiom_Space's first all-private mission to the @Space_Station "
"The worst part is that I do give a fuck about an Oxford comma"
"There are some days where dystopian sci fi cant hold a candle to reality "
"Looks like some parts of the World need more Sunflowers  again.  [Vincent van Gogh styled image of a Sunflower field. Mixed Media by David Pyatt]  "
"@neiltyson @NCAA Maybe it's to reduce Canadian confusion. ""N-C-A, eh?"" ...""Eh!!"" "
"Not that anybody inquired, but to say the individual letters N-C-A-A (as in @NCAA) uses fewer syllables than to say N-C-double-A. So to utter double-A does not save you time."
"Home sweet home #Mahina #CloudInsect "
"The Amazon Prime of launch deals?"
"Worth noting at yesterdays NASA briefing, agency officials said the ISS partners, including Roscosmos, are making progress moving towards station extension to 2030. So well see. "
"Sequencing First Complete Human Genome Heralds New Era For Human Genetics Axie Infinity Blockchain Gaming Platform Suffered Largest DeFi Hack to Date Nvidias Technical Advances Could Deliver Generational Leap In AI Training Performance "
"On our newest episode of ""In the Know,"" ARK CEO/CIO @CathieDWood weighs in on why disruptive innovation is inherently controversial.   Watch episode 27 here! "
"(Transparency increases the cost of failure and thus the cost of experimentation; if more transparency results in less experimentation the world will be worse off for it.)"
"Time is more important than timing "
"This week I spoke with @dpuellARK and @yassineARK from @ARKInvest to discuss their Bitcoin thesis, current market outlook, and bet on on-chain analysis. "
"On episode 27 of ""In the Know,"" ARK CEO/CIO @CathieDWood, weighs in on the bond market, inflation, consumer sentiment, ARKs differentiated approach, why disruptive innovation is inherently controversial, and much more. Watch. "
"On episode 27 of ""In the Know,"" ARK CEO/CIO @CathieDWood, weighs in on the bond market, inflation, consumer sentiment, ARKs differentiated approach, why disruptive innovation is inherently controversial, and much more. Watch. "
"""Silence is the language of God. All else is poor translation."" - Rumi"
"I spent the day on the @lexfridman podcast. We talked about: science, health, love, kids, creativity, narcissists, life online, academics, criminals, knives, poetry, music &amp; more. Lex: I admire your bravery and passion in all you do &amp; I am blessed to call you a friend. "
"Here's my conversation with Chris Blattman (@cblatts) about war and violence, its causes and consequences. I'll continue having conversation on this topic, seeking understanding of human nature and how we can lessen the amount of suffering in the world. "
"There are 7,000+ known living languages. This diagram shows the # of native speakers for each language. More people speak a dialect of Chinese than speak English natively. This makes me wonder how much is lost in translation.  Source: SCMP data on 6.3 billion people (of 7.9 bil). "
".@TimJDillon asked me to get married. I said yes."
"I'm waiting for T-800 terminator to knock on my door any day now. "
"What if all of reality is an illusion... "
"Here's a video of me playing chess vs @RZA. When I was a kid, I chose to not play chess, it's too addicting for me. Still, it's a beautiful game. Let me know if it's of interest to anyone to see me play (badly) vs folks while talking trash &amp; having fun. "
"I'm driving around West Texas, middle of nowhere, getting away from things for a bit. This pic is of the night sky yesterday, looking up at the stars. This is our universe looking back at us. "
"""If it is not right do not do it. If it is not true do not say it."" - Marcus Aurelius"
"Anytime I play a game on the easy setting. "
"Climate change: IPCC scientists report five ways to save the planet "
"Climate change: IPCC scientists say it's 'now or never' to limit warming "
"Climate change: Scientists race to finish key IPCC report "
"Latest one from me looks at whether we should have been recycling our lateral flow tests.  Scientists estimate UKs LFT programme has generated enough plastic waste to fill 19 Olympic swimming pools   "
"Tonga eruption: Robot boat to map explosive volcano's aftermath "
"UK farmers call for weedkiller ban over Parkinsons fears "
"Attenborough ship proves its polar credentials "
"Hubble: Single star detected at record-breaking distance "
"Fast fashion: EU Europe plans fast fashion crackdown "
"Climate change: Wind and solar reach milestone as demand surges "
"On @digitalplanet; @RhiannonJudithW @techreview on #facialrecognition in #Ukraine to identify dead #Russian soldiers, also @carljackmiller on whether #Ukraine is winning the information war, and #okta breach explained by @Sarahroach_  @protocol   "
"Co-hosting a new podcast series called Communes USA! that explores the past and present of group living experiments. Learned tons doing this and we had lots of laughs, too. Shouts to @HardcoreHistory for showing history pods can be fun and informative. "
"I always enjoy these type of size comparison maps "
"Ever wondered what the inside of an armored train looks like? Here's a photo from the cramped inside of a machine gun car of an Austro-Hungarian 'Schwerer Panzerzug' (Heavy Armored Train). "
"For the the night that's in it. Tatters the dog, entered by the Cullen family of Blessington Street, Dublin on their 1911 Census return (subsequently marked out) #Census2022 "
"The beauty of ancient glass. Something lovely to start the week, c. 2,000 year-old Roman scent bottles made of gold-banded mosaic glass.  #Archaeology "
"@trizzer3 @ok_computr @r_beaman @EricLessmann @HardcoreHistory Me: Oh you listen to podcasts?  Have you tried Dan Carlins Hardcore History? Them: Sir, this is a Taco Bell.                             No apologies."
"Anyone else wake-up some mornings and think I miss Christopher Hitchens?"
"@HardcoreHistory This kind of appreciation is really awesome, Dan. Each persons contribution to the HH and HHA series has accumulated into an amazingly approachable and high quality knowledge base that shaped and introduced me to so many new thoughts and ideas. The artwork reflects that."
"For all who are asking about prints from our album art: Im told that because they are more square-shaped than a typical poster (or whatever) its difficult to do. We keep trying to do more with things like the art,but it just takes time from show production."
"Underrated how metal the @HardcoreHistory episode artwork is "
"The remains of  Gresham castle photographed with a regular camera and how it looks with a LiDar drone camera. Via @pastonfootprint "
"Here's a flight from the British to German frontlines as they stood on 1st July 1916, around 400m. Legend has it that the small clump of trees in no-man's-land, the location of the 'danger tree' (95m) marks the furthest advance made that day by men of R. Newfoundland Regt. "
"29.3.16  Sad night, it's 2:30am, I'm awake. It's cold, a terrible wind and squalls of rain &amp; snow. I am back from making a round to see the sentries in the trenches, it was pitch black. I waded through mud and from time to time the machine guns sweeped the plain:it is terrible "
"Detail of a marble statue of goddess Hygeia (Health), 5th-4th c.BC. "
"We're officially opening our new Saxon hall! And it's gorgeous! "
"This is what the pyramids originally looked like. They were white with the tip made of gold.  "
"The owl of the Suleymaniye Mosque, built by architect Sinan. "
"Last week's tour Sedan, 1870 is now available to watch on-demand!  Click here to watch: "
"All statistics and studies support the current thing."
"200 years from now somebody will write about how people thought about education in our time and it will seem as insane to them as submitting the accused to trials by ordeal looks to us. "
"@pmarca I agree with the general vibe of your recent swipes at the ""current thing"". But still, a subset of the ""current thing"" is totally legit."
"""Cancelling student debt"" is a misnomer. All that money still got spent. The only thing that changes is who pays. What ""cancelling student debt"" really means is that people who don't have student debt pay off the debt of those who do."
"@pmarca Imagine having power to decide who is credible expert"
"The main purpose of experts is to enforce the current thing. "
"Experts who oppose the current thing must be corrected or banished."
"Experts support the current thing."
"@pmarca Yeah but if you support the new thing before its the current thing then you can oppose it when its the current thing with credibility and become an expert."
"""About 20% of our caloric intake feeds our brain when were resting even though its only 2% of our body weight. Its a calorically expensive organ."" "
"Harvard has a professor of the current thing."
"Harvard has a professor of the current thing."
"Support for a new thing that's not yet the current thing is weird and alienating."
"Support for a new thing that's not yet the current thing is weird and alienating."
"Support for an old thing that's no longer the current thing is just sad."
"Support for an old thing that's no longer the current thing is just sad."
"@pmarca Wait, you guys are having dinner parties? "
"The current thing is actually a real thing: "
"hi hi - I'm a product lead at Twitter looking for input from all kinds of sources, but also directly from the community itself. I wanna know:  What's the one feature you wished Twitter had?"
"Celebrities love the current thing."
"Nobody was required to care about or even know about the current thing until yesterday."
"The Presidential candidate you hate does not support the current thing."
"If not supporting it gets you disinvited from the dinner party, its the current thing."
"If you have to ask, it isnt the current thing."
"The creator of ""the current thing"" is banned for violating the current thing. "
"@empty_banks's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more."
"Ive been working at Twitter for over a year and I still have no idea who is running the company. @elonmusk is not helping. "
"The Internet is absolutely riddled with disinformation, but not about the current thing."
"I still miss Tay."
"What kind of jokes exactly? "
"In retrospect, this was the Martin-Luther-nailing-the-95-theses moment of our era. "
"You can't fool me, this is entrapment. "
"ESG supports the current thing. "
"Energy security and economic growth trumps everything else.   ** HABECK: IF GAS NOT AVALIABLE WILL NEED TO FALL BACK ON COAL **   #COP27 #Ukraine #Russia #ONGT #Coal"
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of Twitter Moments, it is time to pause and reflect."
"I am a nightmare "
"Conspicuous self-abnegation."
"@pmarca I dont know how you can determine that requiring someone to watch TV news is ethical"
"Sending a voice message is a form of assault."
"The old current thing is totally forgotten. The next current thing does not yet exist."
"A good place for a new city in America would be Palo Alto. "
"Or as @pmarca says, Build, mfers."
"Breakfast par excellence. Tofu, quorn, seeds and spices. No meat, no intensive farming methods, no cooking, just a few vinegar strokes to season.  This is the future of food. "
"The new Milgram electroshock experiment. "
"A real-time, 24/7 global monoculture needs daily hooks to synchronise emotions. Events or pseudo-events against which everyone can set their moral watches. These exist within a web of relations, simulating the depth and historicity that is otherwise lost in our radical present."
"HARD TARGET (1993, John Woo, Jean-Claude Van Damme) "
"Not that it's necessary, but the classic economic *and* environmental case for more kids --&gt; "
"I will reiterate that this may be possible by virtue of boomers being very internet stupid. I mean who thinks Klaus Schwab is really a mastermind?  Maybe all that old power is trying to harness all this new power, because a cultural WMD is stronger than a nuke. "
"So this war is actually between the Tumblr and 4chan egregores that have gained sentience via the internet and are actively bleeding over into real life. All the billionaire and deep state shenanigans are mostly trying to figure out how to take advantage of this."
"@gfodor Here you go. It's a technology brother pride flag. I hope you're happy. "
"@gfodor Here you go. It's a technology brother pride flag. I hope you're happy. "
"Im talking about not having kids in the first place. Thats the problem."
"@pmarca I am increasingly convinced that corporate ESG is the Devil Incarnate"
"the american education system rocks so fucking much. your high school teachers will be like oh you like to draw? you should take out six figures of debt for four years of daycare. afterwards you can work food service and drink yourself to death by 35"
"@pmarca Vestager couldn't be more wrong. Cold showers are linked to longevity, and the longer you live, the more carbon pollution you generate."
"We live in a world where amazing cheeses like cheddar, swiss, Muenster, and provolone exist and are commonly available, yet restaurants still insist on slapping a flavor-free slice or two of American cheese on everything by default."
"@pmarca Elon's trolling online persona aside, I'm convinced that a big reason Tesla is so despised in certain circles is because they made electric cars fun and sexy &amp; no compromises instead of a hair shirt sacrifice for the environment."
"Oh man. "
"Google it, kids. "
"@pmarca Only a matter of time until one of them shows up in a sweater.   Extend the life of a nuke plant?  Never."
"@pmarca Related: clothes dryers in the US use more energy than all bitcoin mining.  So not doing your laundry must be *very* ESG, if you (incorrectly) believe btc mining is so bad."
"Margrethe Vestager, European Commissioner for Competition: No more long showers in the EU. Every time you turn off your hot shower water - say ""Take that, Putin!"" "
"Margrethe Vestager, European Commissioner for Competition: No more long showers in the EU. Every time you turn off your hot shower water - say ""Take that, Putin!"" "
"With corporate profits at a 70-year high, why is there inflation?"
"basically my grift is: whatever esoteric criticism you have abt new technologies (AI is summoning demons, etc) is true and also its a good thing"
"2010s: Tech bro 2020s: Technology brother 2030s: Brother of technology 2040s: BoT 2050s: BIBoT (Brogrammers, InfoSec, and Brothers of Technology)"
"@marciadorsey @Twitter take it up with @pmarca, mom"
"Tough but fair. @Austen @Klonick "
"You first. "
"Dark triad personality traits (psychopathy, narcissism, Machiavellianism) correlate with victim signaling (e.g., the extent to which people agree that they have Disclosed that I dont feel accepted in society because of my identity"") at r = .52 "
"@pmarca Cant you fly over to London and sort it out for me PLEEEEEEASE?"
"We make it that way so youll feel happy and grateful when it does start working. "
"There must be a word for the mingled fury and sense of impotence that characterises attempts to get a new computer up and running, and ensures that the weekend has already been RUINED by 08.25 on a Saturday morning. "
"Who'd he hit? "
"@pmarca That's a reasonably decent apology. What's the next one for?"
"Plus they likely had a concerted group of incentivized haters  "
"@pmarca I don't know the context, nor what it means, but your response is analogous to the kind of corporate response that might be used in a crisis that the Harvard Business School would then use as a case study of a successful effort to rapidly and directly address an issue"
"@pmarca ""The Current Year"" is the preferred nomenclature, bigot."
"Year Zero is disorienting."
"My studied belief is that Americas greatest wealth is its oddballs, weirdos, seers, compulsives &amp; autodidacts. Theyve transformed science, business, religion &amp; the arts. Making more space, not less, for nonconformity &amp; improvisation is the way of prosperous peaceful flourishing"
"Rewatching MEAN GIRLS tonight. 10/10, will watch again. "
"Not disgusting cc @pmarca "
"All selfies taken in bathrooms are disgusting, AMA."
"Reminder for no particular reason, drugs are legal in San Francisco."
"For the record, I don't think @jack is a ""hippie moron"". OK, maybe 1/8th hippie, but zero moron. "
"I love this question because 99% of people have never thought much about nuclear power so its basically a measure of do you like technological progress or not? "
"Important corollary: The thing (usually) required for a legacy institution or system to actually collapse is the presence of an alternative to which people can move. Without an alternative, the status quo may just be corrupt and bad forever. "
"@pmarca Almost all of my quote-tweets are more active approval than just a retweet.  I cant say I have *never* done a little bit of snarking in a QT, but usually I am adding something positive with it!"
"The big question is whether the inevitable collapse happens quickly due to competitive/selective pressure, or slowly (or superrrrrrr slowly) due to no such pressure. "
"THE TOURIST (HBO Max) episode 1: Spare, cinematic, darkly funny Australian outback noir. Outstanding so far. Recommend."
"TLDR Commissioner Gordon is a tech-hating commie and The Flash is a serial harasser of women. I need to read more comic books."
"Just discovered Ezra Miller Twitter, AMA."
"Happy April 1st! "
"This is a little tongue in cheek, but, the goal of media is to make every problem your problem. @naval"
"All the fighter pilots we talked to had a love-hate relationship with the original Top Gun. They'd go on and on about all of the inaccuracies and silliness...then in a low voice admit that watching the movie was why they became fighter pilots in the first place."
"High resolution version. "
"Whiter than brunch plans. Whiter than 80's Night. Whiter than Wes Anderson movies. Whiter than Asian fusion food. Whiter than children's games as adults. Whiter than gentrification. Whiter than threatening to move to Canada. "
"Whiter than a Jimmy Buffett concert. Whiter than Moleskine notepads. Whiter than a TED conference. Whiter than camping. Whiter than taking a gap year. Whiter than sea salt. "
"The first sale of Girl Scout Cookies in the US was in 1917. Now, over one million girls sell 200+ million packages of cookies each year for over 800 million dollars. The @girlscouts say it is the largest annual fundraiser in the world dedicated to girls. "
"11.5 million leaked documents detailing financial information for offshore entities were published beginning on 3 April, 2016. The documents, now known as the Panama Papers, were created by, and taken from, Panamanian offshore law firm Mossack Fonseca. "
"222 years ago today, Beethoven performed his Symphony No. 1 for the first time in Vienna.  A typical performance of the piece lasts between 22 and 29 minutes. There are four movements, and you can listen to all of them on Wikipedia.  "
" Spaghetti being harvested from trees.   A newly discovered colony of flying penguins.   TVs transmitting odor.   A dead fairy found in a tunnel.   These are famous pranks made in celebration of #AprilFools. Learn more about this yearly custom: "
"In the early days of the pandemic, while others were baking sourdough bread and learning how to knit, Annie Rauwerda started her own project: sharing bizarre and surprising snippets from Wikipedia. "
"Happy #TransDayofVisibility!  Today, we celebrate transgender people and their contributions to society, and raise awareness of discrimination faced by transgender people worldwide: "
"My niece is here. Shes 10. She has all the questions. When is the war in Ukraine ending? Whats this? How long is the flight to London? Can a duck and a dolphin make a baby? Ive got Wikipedia OPEN, ready for her."
"Arthur, the animated children's educational TV series about an anthropomorphic aardvark, ended recently. As one of the highest-rated PBS shows, it aired in 83 countries.  Learn about its history and legacy   "
"#ProjectRewrite calls out the gaps in content by and about women on @Wikipedia  and beyond. Learn how to get involved and help close the gender gap with ten simple steps. "
"you might think your crush is thinking about you rn but theyre actually reading list of common misconceptions on wikipedia"
"It's #WomensHistoryMonth and we are celebrating women who have made essential contributions to society. Today, let's meet pioneers in environmental science, activism, and justice.   Follow the thread to learn about their work.  (1/7)"
"And that, my friends, was car seat safety in the 70s! "
"Do you want an edit button?"
"Space fact:  One million Earths could fit inside the Sun!"
"Water won't put out a grease fire. Water will make a grease fire much, much worse. "
"What do you hate the most about Twitter?"
"What if Texas Institute of Technology and Sciences was also not a joke  @elonmusk"
"World of Engineering Quiz:  Which type of valve is preferred for regulating fluids that carry solids in suspension?"
"Life before the invention of AutoCAD. "
"The engineer is a mediator between the philosopher and the working mechanic and, like an interpreter between two foreigners must understand the language of both, hence the absolute necessity of possessing both practical and theoretical knowledge.   Henry Palmer"
"What was the best Carl Sagan book you read and why?"
"World of Engineering Quiz:  Which of the following is not a software development process model?"
"3*4*5 seconds in a minute  6*10 minutes in an hour  8*9 hours in a day  7 days in a week   dont know what you will do with this information "
"The scientific man doesnt aim at an immediate result. He doesnt expect that his advanced ideas will be readily taken up. His work is like that of the planter - for the future. His duty is to lay the foundation for those who are to come, and point the way. - Nikola Tesla "
"Term of the day: Focal point  Definition: The area where weak signals collected by a satellite dish, concentrated into a smaller receiving area, converge. "
"Radiator with built in plate warmer. "
"Artificial reefs play an important role in leaving larger living spaces for fish, crabs, lobsters, and marine plants. The aim is for these alternative reefs to protect vital offshore installations from storms and erosion while also encouraging marine biodiversity. "
"The last photo taken of Nikola Tesla, January 1st 1943. "
"There are more life forms on your body than people on earth."
"What jobs will never be taken over by robots?"
"World of Engineering Quiz:  What do the letters CAD mean in engineering?"
"- Anyone know any jokes about sodium?     - Na."
"Plutos ice mountains. Frozen plains and layers of atmospheric haze backlit by a distant sun, as seen by the New Horizons spacecraft. Credit: NASA/JHUAPL/SwRi "
"When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong. - R. Buckminster Fuller"
"Term of the day: Dobson Unit (DU)  Definition: The standard way to express ozone amounts in the atmosphere. One DU is 27,000,000,000,000,000 ozone molecules per square centimeter."
"Mechanical reasoning test. Which system requires the least force at F to lift the weight? "
"Space fact:    The Sun converts millions of tonnes of its mass into pure energy every single second by fusion, causing its gravitational pull to weaken over time. This means Earth is better able to escape: we're moving away from the Sun at a rate of 1.5 cm every year!"
"What is a hard pill for engineers to swallow?"
"BREAKING: Tesla Inc. is going to acquire Nikola Corporation later this year and discussions going on that Elon wants to form a single company named Nikola Tesla Inc."
"The engineer is a mediator between the philosopher and the working mechanic and, like an interpreter between two foreigners must understand the language of both, hence the absolute necessity of possessing both practical and theoretical knowledge. - Henry Palmer"
"Welcome to the Engineering community folks "
"Engineering noun /endnr/ the study of using scientific principles to design and build machines, structures, and other things, including bridges, roads, vehicles, and buildings. "
"Interesting fact:   If you only have nand gates you can create all the other gates and build any logic circuit."
"What do you think the main reason extraterrestrial life hasnt visited us yet?"
"Tesla unveiled the Model 3 on March 31, 2016."
"Why doesnt Apple Watch have a temperature sensor for the wearer? Is it so technologically difficult?"
"Mechanical reasoning test. Which weight requires the least force to move? "
"Space fact:  Astronauts can grow approximately two inches (5 cm) in height when in space."
"Pluperfect Digital Invariants or PPDIs:  153 = 1 + 5 + 3 1634 = 1 + 6 + 3 + 4 54748 = 5 + 4 + 7 + 4 + 8 548834 = 5 + 4 + 8 + 8 + 3 + 4 1741725 = 1 + 7 + 4 + 1 + 7 + 2 + 5 24678050 = 2 + 4 + 6 + 7 + 8 + 0 +5 + 0"
"What do you think is the most physically demanding mechanical tool?"
"World of Engineering Quiz:  Which type of valve is an electrically actuated valve for hydraulic or pneumatic fluid control?"
"Alexander Graham Bell (right) and his assistants observe the flight of a circular tetrahedral kite. 1908. "
"The powers are the same as the digits, but in reverse order:  397612 = 3 + 9 + 7 + 6 + 1 + 2"
"I am an old man now, and when I die and go to Heaven there are two matters on which I hope for enlightenment. One is quantum electrodynamics and the other is the turbulent motion of fluids. And about the former I am rather more optimistic. - Sir Horace Lamb"
"Term of the day: Bit  Definition: A contraction of ""binary digit."" The basic element of a two-element (binary) computer language."
"Different types of gears  "
"Space fact:  Uranus hits the coldest temperature of any planet at -224 C."
"What do you think scientists will never find the answer to?"
"World of Engineering Quiz:  You are shown 2 cylinders  one is made of gold and hollow, the other one is made of alloy and solid. Both have the same weight, shape, and are colored in black. How can you figure out which cylinder is the golden one, without scratching the paint?"
"If a=1, b=2, c=3 and so on to z=26, the sum of the letter values in ""two hundred and fifty one"" is equal to 251.  No idea what you will do with this information "
".@Shapr3D is a new take on #CAD with hefty direct modeling tools that you can take anywhere  on iPadOS, macOS, and Windows. #3dmodeling, technical drawings, and visualization come in a single app. #ad Use WOE10"" to get 10% off  "
"One mans magic is another mans engineering. Supernatural is a null word. - Robert A. Heinlein"
"Remembering the hilarious moment June Brown and Lady Gaga warmed all our hearts  "
"Me seeing all my fallen oomfies returned by Elons grace "
"Cute Girls Doing Cute Things now includes home improvement!  Do It Yourself!! is coming this year! "
"Sword Art Online -Progressive- Scherzo of Deep Night opens this fall  "
"Rooster Teeth's RWBY is getting an anime adaptation called RWBY: Ice Queendom! "
"Ghost in the Shell: SAC_2045 season 2 premieres this May "
"We've just reviewed Mobile Police PATLABOR. Its down-to-earth story compared to spacefaring mecha should appeal to viewers, but it's well-designed characters show their age in some scenes.  Read more: "
"Mods are retired  Time to do the weebshit "
"Made in Abyss: Binary Star Falling into Darkness is finally launching in fall 2022! The debut trailer was also revealed  "
"Yet another new Pokemon Go raid is here, so we prepped up the best Therian Forme Thundurus Raid Counters "
"Japanese SRPG successor Brigandine: The Legend of Runersia is coming to PC! "
"FromSoftware's 2009 shlocky action game Ninja Blade was delisted from Steam "
"Valve is ramping up shipments for Steam Deck Q2 2022 pre-orders "
"Storybook Brawl was massively review bombed after its developer was bought by a cryptocurrency company "
"Indie Japanese ""slow life RPG"" Picontier has left early access~ "
"Afternoon nerds "
"Mighty Goose's big new water level update launches this month "
"Match-3 shooter MATCHO was announced "
"Shiren the Wanderer: The Tower of Fortune and the Dice of Fategot smartphone ports in Japan "
"Classic horror game ""Ib"" is getting a remake this month "
"Greek-mythology shmup Wing of the Asteria got a new teaser trailer "
"PlayStation Now adds Werewolf: The Apocalypse  Earthblood and more this month "
"Long-awaited sequel Return to Monkey Island was announced! "
"Wargaming is shutting down all operations in Russia over the invasion of Ukraine, noting they're expected to suffer ""substantial losses"" "
"Nobody Saves the World is coming to Switch and PlayStation "
"Classic shmup Akai Katana is getting re-released in 2022 "
"Boob-training RPG Seven Pirates H got a western release date! "
"Classic gothic horror shmup games Deathsmiles I &amp; II are coming to PC! "
"Classic vertical shmup Layer Section / Galactic Attack is getting re-released! "
"Mods are asleep  Weeb time now "
"Our new VTuber partners @EleanorVtuber and @GhostVtuber are now LIVE with their Sunday night stream! Tune in now: "
"Half-Life sounds make for the best memes. "
"The very first episode of Niche News is about to go live! Our new VTuber partners @EleanorVtuber and @GhostVtuber recap hot recent news like E3 2022 being cancelled and more~ "
"Metal Tales: Overkill is a twin-stick action-adventure game that's like Brutal Legend meets Smash TV. Fight through the guitar-shooter to free your metal brothers from an ancient curse "
"Indie Lovecraftian horror game Underworld Dreams: The False King is launching this year "
"We interviewed voice actor Jason Marsden! We talked up Jason's roles like Max Goof in A Goofy Movie, Noel Kreiss in Final Fantasy XIII-2, as well as fun stories from his career "
"A new rumor says Microsoft is prepping an Xbox Game Pass Family Plan, offering up to 5 users access to one sub  "
"Six tickets for Morbius please "
"Mods are asleep  It's time to do a weebshit "
"Art deco electric toaster circa 1925. "
"We reviewed Martha is Dead! An imaginative and disturbing psychological horror game mixed with a dark historical drama, Martha is Dead could have been a classic if its awful performance was fixed. Our review: "
"Twitch alternative Glimesh has launched their official mobile app "
"F2P multiplayer shooter CROWZ is now available via early access "
"Bungie has filed a lawsuit against DMCA trolls that false-flagged not only fans but Bungie themselves "
"Promising throwback action RPG Toasty: Ashes of Dusk is up on Kickstarter! "
"Mornin nerds "
"There's a room in Prague Castle where they show all the weapons people tried to put guns on. Swordgun. Axegun. Knifegun. Shieldgun. Macegun. "
"Mods are asleep Post weebshit "
"Phat is the brand "
"BREAKING     We have stopped covering videogames. We are now an all encompassing embroidery enthusiast website. Sewing Gamer     ~cwb "
"Gorgeously twisted and nightmarish indie Italian game Darwake @DarwakeGame is like the sick lovechild from Tim Burton and Carl Jung, and it's now on Kickstarter "
"Dungeons of Aether has a release date set for later this year~ "
"2.5D sequel Rivals of Aether 2 was announced! "
"A new Phat Atelier Ryza statue has her bursting with enthusiasm in a sitting pose "
"Anonymous;Code got a release date alongside a new trailer and gameplay! It's finally launching! "
"Lawn Mowing Simulator is now available for PS4 and PS5 "
"Japanese fighting game EN-EINS PERFEKTEWELT Anastasisgot a new trailer and some new info "
"Overlord: Escape from Nazarick has a release date set for June 2022 "
"Romantic visual novel MOON. -Re:make- was announced~ "
"Greet your assigned federal agent every morning, they have feelings too  "
"Today's Niche Spotlight is for newly released game Coromon! A monster taming and battling RPG, it takes obvious cues from Pokemon, but is *gasp* available for PC "
"Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodhunt is leaving early access this month "
"Slay the Spire got a massive ""Downfall"" fan expansion that lets you play as the bad guys instead "
"A new Genshin Impact Kamisato Ayato overview trailer shows off onii-chan's abilities "
"Warhammer 40,000: Darktide has a release date! "
"Planet Zoo is getting new wetlands animal DLC this month "
"Nintendo and Sega have announced an F-Zero GX HD Remaster!!! "
"Opinion: Five overrated games that actually suck and would be WAY BETTER with NFTs and blockchain tech  "
"Mornin nerds "
"Popular SWAT sim Ready or Not has a new update that adds new weapons, fixes, and new areas like a meth lab! "
"Popular blockchain game Axie Infinity was hacked, with at least $600 million in crypto assets stolen "
"A robot made of magnetic slime could be deployed inside the body to perform tasks such as retrieving objects swallowed by accident. "
"Otome VN compilation Amnesia: Later x Crowd is getting a western Switchportthis fall~ "
"Otome VN Amnesia: Memories is getting a western Switch port in fall 2022 "
"E3 2022 is cancelled entirely, according to sources close to the event "
"We reviewed Weird West! A dark fantasy tactical action RPG where lawmen and gunslingers wander the Wild West with fantastical creatures, Weird West is an excellent role playing game with an enthralling story and worldbuilding. Our review: "
"Hyper Light Drifter is getting a full 3D sequel, newly revealed Hyper Light Breaker~ "
"Japanese Robin Hood game Kamiwaza: Way of the Thief is heading west! "
"Undernauts: Labyrinth of Yomi is getting a PS5 port this summer "
"New open-world adventure game The Courier was announced "
"Robots and dogs tower defense game The Last Friend is coming to Switch next month "
"Prinny Presents NIS Classics Volume 3 was announced! "
"Dusk Diver 2 is officially getting a western release, and a physical version too~ "
"Roguelite action game Samurai Bringer is launching next month "
"Pocky &amp; Rocky Reshrinedhas a western release date set for June 2022 "
"Otome visual novel Jack Jeanneheads west in 2023 "
"Throwback shmup Horgihugh and Friends has a release date set for June 2022! "
"Ys VIII: Lacrimosa of DANA is getting a PS5 port! "
"Fantasy RPG school building sim Valthirian Arc: Hero School Story 2 is now available via early access "
"Azure Striker Gunvolt 3 finally has a release date! It's set for July 2022~ "
"Aeterna Noctis prequel Summum Aeterna was announced! "
"Dungeon RPG dev Experience is teasing unannounced games in celebration of their 15th anniversary  "
"A new Kamiwaza Tourai remaster was announced~ It's like the Japanese version of Robin Hood, only he steals girls' kimonos too "
"Manga/anime publishing giant Shueisha has established Shueisha Games, a new subsidiary focused entirely on games "
"Thanks to fan demand, Valis: The Fantasm Soldier Collection 2 was announced for Switch! "
"Vertical shmup ESCHATOS is getting aPS4 port next month~ "
"ASUS announced massive and THICC new RTX 3090 TI GPUs starting at a whopping $1999 "
"Good morning nerds "
"What would you do if your apartment was haunted by three little ghosts?  One struggling office lady finds out in Shachiku-san wa Youjo Yuurei ni Iyasaretai, premiering this April! "
"Check out the action in the latest trailer for Skeleton Knight in Another World! "
"#Passionflix: Mon avis sur la seconde partie de Gabriel's Rapture  @PassionFlix @sylvainreynard   "
"This is not a drill - #GabrielsInferno DVDs are now back in stock in the Passionflix store: "
"She will continue to change her username and photos, but please note we will never use a third party to contact you via social media."
"We are not associated with @elizeA32 nor has she been hired to recruit on our behalf."
"There is also no Telegram account associated with Passionflix"
"PLEASE READ: Weve been made aware that someone is contacting writers/editors trying to recruit them for Passionflix. This is a scam. If you are contacted via social media by someone who says they are recruiting for Passionflix, this is a scam."
"You can visit "
"We do not have a PASSIONFLIX Telegram group and no one manages one on our behalf."
"Sharing this remarkable achievement with @JoeBiden @POTUS @VP @KamalaHarris who are completely unaware of the worlds most advanced rockets and spacecraft. @SpaceX #MadeInAmerica #JustSaySpacex  "
"Posted @withregram  @toscamusk   Searching for a happy ending    August 12th   Devinez qui revient le 12 aot prochain ...   #gabrielsrapturemovie #pt3 #PASSIONFLIX "
"I understand that Emgasm mugs are available. Keep a lookout for "
"#GabrielsRaptureMoviePt2  This part 2 is so beautiful. My heart is broken  Giulio &amp; Melanie are perfect  I'm so excited to see the part 3  @sylvainreynard @PassionFlix @ToscaMusk "
"Ford, Rivian Are More Influential Than Tesla. No, Really. - Barron's. Oh @TIME magazine, not you too #JustSayTesla  "
"@brendaantunez78 @PassionFlix @ToscaMusk @OliviApplegate @MichaelSRoark @BryceDurfee This scene killed me to watch!"
"Westinghouse was awarded a Big Green Learning Garden grant for 50 bags of soil. On Friday, student gardeners spent a chilly morning filling our 20 raised beds. Weather permitting seeding will start this week! @biggreen "
"Falcon 9 delivered 40 spacecraft to orbit on SpaceXs fourth dedicated rideshare mission and our 150th successful launch! "
"US Auto Q1 2022 sales vs Q1 2021:  @Toyota - 510,348 - down 15%   @GM - 485,330 - down 24%   @Ford - 431,123 - down 17%   @Stellantis - 411,174 - down 13%   @Honda- 252,205 - down 27%   @Tesla (global) - 310,048 - up 68%   Incredible work @elonmusk "
"Tesla said it delivered 310,000 vehicles from January through March, up from 185,000 cars during the same period in 2021. The nearly 70 percent increase was in contrast with major carmakers like General Motors and Toyota, which reported big sales declines. "
"Flying Through Giga Berlin"
"Falcon 9s first stage has landed on the Just Read the Instructions droneship "
"On#TransDayOfVisibility, I'm proud to hang this flag outside my office. Tallahassee may try to silence #LGBTQ+ voices, but we will together affirm that#TransRightsAreHumanRights.   To trans &amp; nonbinary Floridians &amp; Americans: you are seen, you are valued, &amp; you belong. "
"Hows your spring planting going? Have you pledged to plant a seed for #plantaseedday? Spring is just beginning and so are we @BigGreen.    By pledging you join @MillionGardens Movement to help grassroots orgs on the frontlines of growing food. PLEDGE: "
"Ford, Rivian Are More Influential Than Tesla. No, Really. - Barron's. Oh @TIME magazine, not you too #JustSayTesla  "
"UN says it's ""now or never"" to avoid disastrous climate change - but we can do it if we make drastic changes to how we live  "
"June Brown, who played Dot Cotton on BBC soap EastEnders for more than 30 years, dies aged 95 "
"BBC witnesses more evidence of atrocities against civilians near Kyiv, as Ukraine accuses Russia of genocide "
"Tesla boss Elon Musk buys 9.2% stake in Twitter worth almost $3bn "
"She held on as Hong Kong's leader through mass protests. Now, Carrie Lam says she won't seek a second term in power "
"""This is a very tragic situation"": At least six people dead after automatic gunfire in busy nightlife area of Sacramento in California  "
"Tory MP David Warburton suspended from the parliamentary party pending investigation into allegations about conduct "
"""The list of those I have hurt is long"": Actor Will Smith resigns from Oscars Academy after slapping Chris Rock "
"Will Smith was asked to leave Oscars ceremony after hitting Chris Rock but refused, Academy says "
"The Wanted star Tom Parker dies aged 33 after being diagnosed with terminal brain cancer "
"""Nothing very promising"" in peace talks with Ukraine so far, Russian President Putin's spokesman says  Follow live updates here: "
"More than 200 babies in England might have survived if they had been given better maternity care by NHS Trust, BBC learns "
"Russia says it will ""drastically reduce"" assault on Ukraine's capital Kyiv, where its advance is stalled "
"Amazon reserves up to 83 rocket launches for Project Kuiper broadband satellite constellation "
"Jeff Bezos worlds collide: Amazon and AWS join Blue Origin on Orbital Reef space station team "
"Vote for CEO of the Year: GeekWire Awards finalists find growth opportunities in uncertain times "
"Xplore acquires assets of Kubos flight software company as it ramps up for first space mission "
"Trending: First-of-its-kind stormwater heat map lights up pollutants fouling waters in Washington state "
"New bill establishes group to recommend policies for blockchain tech in Washington state "
"Microsoft and HPE put AI to the test on International Space Station  with gloves "
"Here's a great example of tech for good: a super sophisticated tool to help save salmon and orcas by mapping polluted runoff.  "
"First-of-its-kind stormwater heat map lights up pollutants fouling waters in Washington state "
"Small agencies in Washington state seek federal support to fortify against cyberattacks "
"Tech Moves: Syndio hires managing director; ex-Adaptive CMO joins Freenome "
"Trending: Life sciences and health tech news roundup: Cancer care, layoffs, fundings, more "
"Life sciences and health tech news roundup: Cancer care, layoffs, fundings, more "
"Trending: Spaceflight Inc. hails a pair of successful launches as it deals with frictions in SpaceX relationship "
"Spaceflight Inc. hails a pair of successful launches as it deals with frictions in SpaceX relationship "
"How iSpot is using tech-driven analytics to challenge TV industry stalwart Nielsen "
"The future of cancer care: Seattle institutions connect research, clinics under Fred Hutch name "
"Q&amp;A with Seattle investor Naynika Chaubey, whose clean tech firm just raised $300M "
"New recycling process idea for plastic wins top prize at UW environmental competition "
"Tech Moves: Porch Group CFO will step down; OfferUp legal leader joins SeekOut "
"Amazon disappointed with union vote, may file objection based on undue influence by NLRB "
"Trending: Former Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best joins Microsoft as director of global security risk operations "
"Amazon CEO Andy Jassys $212M in annual compensation isnt quite what it seems "
"In historic milestone for Amazon and organized labor, workers at N.Y. warehouse vote to unionize "
"Techs rising stars: Vote for Young Entrepreneur of the Year at the GeekWire Awards "
"A significant moment for Amazon: Tech historian explains why latest unionization effort matters "
"A significant moment for Amazon: Tech historian explains why latest unionization effort matters "
"Trending: Microsoft acquires Minit business process mining company in latest wave of tech acquisitions "
"Former Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best joins Microsoft as director of global security risk operations "
"Silverback Therapeutics shuts down oncology program, plans to lay off 27% of workforce "
"Amazon appears to defeat union effort in Alabama again, but union leads in vote at N.Y. facility "
"Innovation of the Year: Five breakthroughs compete for honor in 2022 GeekWire Awards "
"Microsoft acquires Minit business process mining company in latest wave of tech M&amp;A "
"Wheres my jetpack? It was at MARS conference, along with Jeff Bezos and Amazon CEO Andy Jassy "
"Fueled by $52M in funding, Common Room unveils intelligent community growth platform "
"Husband and wife score a first for commercial spaceflight during suborbital Blue Origin trip "
"Yelp expands health ratings for restaurants, with help from Seattle startup "
"Unlock Venture Partners puts its portfolio in the metaverse "
"Trending: Blue Origin vets unveil startup seeking  small solution to massive challenge of fusion energy "
"Tech Moves: "
"Latest drama at Athira: Investor calls for CEO replacement and wants two board seats "
"Blue Origin's suborbital space trip brings the final frontier down to earth: How to watch the launch "
"Don't miss the upcoming GeekWire Studios virtual event tomorrow, March 31st at 10:00 AM (PT), presented by @voodleme: Voodle Visionaries Grant Finals, Supporting the Journey Towards Equity in Funding. #GWSponsor Register here: "
"Amazon CEO Andy Jassy makes Times 100 Most Influential Companies cover; Rec Room also on list "
"Deal of the Year: Vote for the top transaction across fundings, IPOs, and acquisitions "
"Blue Origin vets unveil startup seeking  small solution to massive challenge of fusion energy "
"Trending: Vote for Startup of the Year: Common Room, Copper Banking, DexCare, Logixboard, WhyLabs "
"Trending: Convoy co-founder rides shotgun with truckers for better view of how companys tech can help "
"Trending: Securing the metaverse: Microsoft exec Charlie Bell calls on industry to learn lessons of the early web "
"Don't miss the upcoming GeekWire Studios virtual event this Thursday, March 31st at 10:00 AM (PT), presented by @voodleme: Voodle Visionaries Grant Finals, Supporting the Journey Towards Equity in Funding. #GWSponsor Register here: "
"Biotech vet Phil Greenberg on his new cancer-fighting startup and immunotherapys next phase "
"Sponsored: Experts across real estate, tech &amp; design share where trends are taking us, challenges ahead &amp; what stories we should follow to prepare to achieve your goals. Reserve a seat for Futurecast Forum at the Seattle Design Center on 3/30  "
"Cybersecurity tips for companies as Ukrainian conflict heightens potential for attacks "
"Revamped PlayStation Plus shows how Sony and Microsoft are no longer traditional competitors "
"Sponsored: Even in one of the most competitive residential real estate markets anywhere, theres still hope for you, fellow millennials! Building Millennial Wealth: Condos &amp; House Hacking: "
"Rock on(line)! Seattles Museum of Pop Culture building digital vault for 80,000 collection items "
"Seattle-area IoT startup Teal lands $10.8M "
"Vote for Startup of the Year: Common Room, Copper Banking, DexCare, Logixboard, WhyLabs "
"We are now supporting Arm on Azure as well. This has been a long journey to bring up Ampere on Azure with Windows as the Root Host OS! we are also supporting Windows 11 Arm VMs in preview for developers! "
"Me: putting hand on spouse's shoulder  ""There's no easy way to say this.""  ""Beoweeeoujeeeeeeealacodortnuhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"""
"My kid's school installed spyware and I can't remove it "
"Id like the option of disabling QTs by locked accounts with whom Im not mutuals.  Locked accounts QTing is a major driver of targeted harassment campaigns.  We have no way of seeing exactly who is targeting us AND couldnt report the tweets even if we could see.  Thanks you. "
"Look we wanted to set LmCompatibilityLevel=5 but Germany said no"
"fun fact: the reason your internal body temperature rises when you are infected is because viruses are using your body to mine for bitcoin"
"Denazification means de-Ukrainianisation. Ukrainians are an artificial anti-Russian construct. They should no longer have a national identity. Denazification of Ukraine also means its inevitable de-Europeanisation. 4/6 "
"What enterprise product have you implemented that most feels like trying to dunk with a bowling ball?"
"White-collar workers have 250% more meetings a day since the pandemic started, forcing them to log back in before bed to do their actual work. ""The consequence of inflexible managers filling the day with so many meetings that we have to add a 'worknight' to do our job"" "
"are you an amplified antenna cause it would be real easy to pick me up"
"You think that's Zero Trust you're breathing right now? "
"STOP.bat es un script utilizado por mltiples operadores de #Ransomware antes de encriptar un equipo   1.- Detiene y cierra mltiples servicios/procesos. 2.- Deshabilita Firewall/UAC/Defender en Windows. 3.- Habilita RDP. 4.- Elimina el registro de eventos y el mismo STOP.bat. "
"One of my favorite episodes of Modern Marvels "
"Desperately sad story from just outside Kyiv, about a woman called Iryna whose son was killed by Russian soldiers. We were the first outsiders she'd seen since the Russians left her village on Friday. Shot and edited by @leedurant. Produced by @producerkathy "
"I was worried about losing followers when @dangeredwolf and I switched profiles for a day and then I remembered SwiftOnSecurity exists. "
"Here I am, once again, in the place I promised I'd never return. The handle is tacky, its rubber finally broken from the machinations of solvents. I pull it up and away, unsheathing an unnaturally pristine nozzle from the vapor recovery hood. My first smell of benzene is uncouth."
"Windows posting errors to the event log "
"Drinking gasoline is even more dangerous than brake fluid because at least they can stop."
"Stop drinking gasoline I know it smells good"
"@SwiftOnSecurity I used to collect something like a couple hundred copies of this exact template/kit per week when doing automated phishkit collection. Drove me fucking nuts."
"@SwiftOnSecurity ""The light at the end of the tunnel is a train."
"Another active #Phishing targeting DHL URL: hxxp://netspaceinfosolutions.com/scxd/DHL2018/DHL/c2tj7dtub657a34jr5vxaijw.php #onpatrol4malware (bot generated) "
"Would God even recognize us in this place beyond Hell, where faces are lit from above by flame, and shadows from the arch of our brows cast darkness into windows of the soul. I would hope I'd be called by name. My pupils were devoid of light already."
"AOC is... 100% a cyber professional?  "
"We're going to need to start seriously discussing resistance to implantable crypto-processors being a negative hiring indicator"
"Its intended to signal that this garment is daywear and not for sleeping. This is to protect the manufacture from liability because all childrens sleepwear is supposed to be flameproof.  Deadass thats the answer  "
"Trying to post like it's /k/or Slashdot on modern platforms is a bad idea "
"A reminder that counting hacking attempts  many of which are repetitive and/or automated  is like counting droplets in a storm.   You dont say we were hit by 2 million raindrops last night. So dont say things like the websites were hit by thousands of cyberattacks etc."
"@SwiftOnSecurity Total Annihilation was lots of fun. Early cripple your CPU game. No Games for Windows branded Supreme Commander box? "
"I exist on a whole other plane of thought with my mint copy of Lego Island none of you can touch me "
"My design aesthetic is dated millennial with no dates "
"My design aesthetic is dated millennial with no dates "
"You're an adult now you don't need video games you can play the Burnout soundtrack in your real life car "
"Cyber cleanse: In this thread we just reply ""cyber"" to get it out of the way for the weekend"
"Day man Fighter of the night man "
"@SwiftOnSecurity I did something like this in the 1990s for the DoD. At least requires closing the airport, an FAA notice and airport ops approval, plus maybe security, insurance, emergency support, or other such complications. (Our test involved lasers, so safety was a big issue too. Whee!)"
"@ProwenHendricks "
"@SwiftOnSecurity yes. you will need a bond for insurance, figure about 400-800 for the day...you will need an ambulance and firetruck....about 1200/day and you will need lots of fuel which sometimes needs a permit depending on state."
"I've contacted a municipal airport about using a runway for car testing does anyone know the legal considerations of this"
"@SwiftOnSecurity instead of having a seeker and complicated electronics, it has a much simpler magnetic sensor so it detonates even on a non-direct hit, just being near a large metal object  it takes 20m before it arms so you don't blow yourself up"
"@SwiftOnSecurity the NLAW is a very interesting bit of economy. it uses PLOS or predicted line of sight, you visually get a fix on a moving vehicle and follow it until the computer figures out the speed and then it tells the rocket to constant deviation to the side it needs to go"
"In America, everything is about our direct interactions with events  because we have them. Unfortunately, that easy hit of our relevance to events can obscure the historical and nuanced inter-country relations of others. I like news where nobody cares about America. A novelty."
"Post-Ukraine2022, observing Europeans talking about America on various subreddits is legitimately one of the most fascinating things I've ever seen.  Yeah Americans are overinvested militaristic global hegemon but god damn they were right about Russia we should buy F35s from them"
"Europeans trying to understand Americans: 10% of my K-12 education was the Donner Party"
"Don't understand why emergency rations focus so much on palatability. Seems like consumer appeal instead of efficacy. You get hungry enough you WILL eat human flesh I'm not sure you need dehydrated cheese cake to make it through nuclear holocaust. Are you cosplaying or surviving."
"Vendor support is not a replacement for staff competence. Microsoft cannot understand your environment in an hour call. Active Directory is legos with infinite superglue there's no telling what you've built."
"Ukraine is offering Russian troops cash back for: fighter jet - $1M tank - $100k infantry fighting vehicle - $100k warship - $1M multiple rocket launcher - $35k vehicle - $10k "
"Name one good Linux you can go into Walmart or Target and buy. Doesn't exist."
"Become ungovernable "
"Photographer and sculptor Yves Lappert uses pieces of wood and other simple materials to play with lights and shadow, obtaining extremely effective optical illusion with a minimalist gestures [IG account: "
"I am really proud of my first collab with @hackdotxxx. It would mean a lot to me if you would check it out and consider a purchase! "
"@SwiftOnSecurity I was told you might want to see this "
"Announcing Sysinternals Sysmom. Feel like your computer doesn't get enough love and attention? Need somewhere for your errors to get encouragement to fix themselves because nobody else is going to do it? Sysmom is here to help."
"Service Note: Linux will be down for yearly maintenance on April 1st."
"I'm a huge fan of @Sysinternals Sysmon. Along with that I've been a big proponent of @SwiftOnSecurity's config and more recently @cyb3rops's.  Most recently I've been testing @olafhartong's config and it's amazing.  It's referencing of @MITREattack is next level."
"Things Linux doesn't support: 1.) Sound 2.) God"
"Germany holding the bag on a pipe to nowhere "
"@SwiftOnSecurity Imagine how many human lifetimes have been cumulatively lost to making doors that will never open"
"@SwiftOnSecurity Sure, I used to do it. Years in games,  films, animation. Its not a big deal, and there are usually illustrations to work off of. Sometimes you can modify assets and re-material but its often new pipelines so you just make it again. Tables, chairs, cars, all the world building."
"Why do fire alarms in every game use different 3D assets. Whose idea is it to keep remodeling fire alarms."
"A video game sound designer, having to record the exact same Subaru WRX for the 7th time in 12 years, putting the microphones in a different place so gamers don't get mad the developers reused assets "
"Imagine having to tell people you work for TicketMaster"
"Crypto Bros With Dough: How Four Silicon Valley Software Engineers Reverse-Engineered Dating and Unlocked Secrets of the Female Brain"
"@SwiftOnSecurity Usually targets get selected because there is some indication there will be a willingness to pay. Maybe not for a decryptor, but at least for data to not be released. Also have to consider if there is other motivations for locking a network other than pay"
"Q: How willing are threat actors to work to ransom a target they have very little chance of getting paid from? For example, somehow they stumble into Exxon, which probably will categorically refuse any demands? Is there a class of global firm ""not worth it?"""
"Excellent post from @kxngcodes using a modified version of @SwiftOnSecurity Sysmon config to catch Rogue RDP! Other good intel discussed too. Worth a read  "
"Whats something people think is boring but you know is secretly incredibly interesting?"
"For those not keyed in on Erythritol.   Its a sugar alcohol used as a food additive and sugar substitute. Its naturally occurring. Its 6070% as sweet as sucrose (table sugar), yet it is almost noncaloric, and does not affect blood sugar or cause tooth decay. For me it and 1/ "
"Those sending the forged request are believed to be minor in the U.S. and the U.K. One is the leader of Lapsus$ group, which we reported on last week.   "
"Manifesting productivity today "
"Official Russian navy defense doctrine "
"YouTube unboxing video but it's actually reviewing git pull requests"
"One time someone asked me if they were a close friend and I responded I'd let them live with me if Yellowstone exploded. "
"@SwiftOnSecurity This case is drilled into us as CNC engineers. Breaking of export controls for 5 axis CNC controllers has ended companies. Big companies. The US gov (and partner countries) enforcement is swift and heavy. Always take care of software, regions and where machines go."
"Aliens don't exis-- "
"When the world order collapses and people start ransacking multi-billion-dollar silicon chip foundries that take a decade to build, *chefs kiss* muah we rejoin the ruminants eating from the dirt"
"@SwiftOnSecurity Its not only CPU lithography, more and more chips need EUV"
"In 1982, Soviet agents worked through Toshiba and a Norwegian company to illegally export massive 5-axis CNC machinery and electronic controllers. They were used to make extremely precise and quieter submarine propellers. The 1987 NYT article exposing it: "
"The collapse of CPU micrarchitectures and silicon lithography from essentially being possible as an engineering department side hustle, into one of the most exclusive geopolitical power levers in history, in one lifetime, is interesting. What other technologies followed this?"
"Microsoft employees realizing they can't blame Microsoft employees for breaking their parent's computer anymore "
"Uh Oh! Youve Been Acquired by Microsoft. Heres What You Need to Know  "
"Russian submariners getting back to shore trying to order McDonalds "
"I shall now refer to malicious software as ""hurtful software"" or ""cruel software"" exclusively. "
"Russian submariners getting back to port after being cut off from the world for months "
".@POGOwatchdog's ""The Bunker"" newsletter is often tart and right on the money. "
"By the time our man-portable surface-to-air missile reaches 12,000ft the artificial intelligence onboard has already lived multiple human lifetimes including the simulated death of their pet and are ready to die by homing onto infrared signature of enemy aircraft"
"i hate being a girl i wish i was a computer virus"
"@SwiftOnSecurity What's a 'gallon' ?"
"Did you know you can lay in your bath and pour purified water into your mouth from a milk container and imagine you're in a heated spring in Norway"
"@cgpgrey I WANNA SEE THE CHICKEN, GREY!"
"In non-spider news: I spent 8 hours babysitting a chicken today."
"Oh hello there, Hawaii Shower Spider!  Boy, you sure sneaked up on me!  I'd rather you not do that in the future, but thank you for your efforts to keep the house covered in web!  #showerspiderwatchesoverme "
"In non-spider news, I tried making a new kind of thing this morning: "
"@caseyliss @cgpgrey No need to be scared. Hes just a fan! "
"Good afternoon, Hawaii Sky Spider.    I see you have decided that my bedroom is a better place to watch over me than outside, where you belong. "
"@cgpgrey Adding new emoji? Yikes, I dont think you want to open that can of well, you know."
"@cgpgrey In what situation would someone use a can of worms emoji?"
"I demand a Can of Worms emoji.    Make it happen, internet!"
"Past Grey: OK, this time Ive found a quick-and-easy 800-word-script video topic *for sure*  Current Grey: How is this script over 2,000 words?  HOW???  ::continunes to harass international orgs for obscure details about how their systems work no one can possibly care about::"
"Godspeed: "
"Hey, do you have any good, small flashlight recommendations?  I need something to save me from the terror of when night decends on the Hawaiian Islands: "
"The latest Cortex episode is now up! "
"bink "
"@praetorianlabs This might be gearing up to be literally the biggest party on Earth"
"Tesla said it delivered 310,000 vehicles from January through March, up from 185,000 cars during the same period in 2021. The nearly 70 percent increase was in contrast with major carmakers like General Motors and Toyota, which reported big sales declines. "
"Amazing to see "
"A Rocket leaving earth "
"Flying Through Giga Berlin"
"Watch Falcon 9 launch 40 spacecraft to orbit  "
"Targeting Friday, April 1 for launch of our fourth dedicated smallsat rideshare mission; teams are keeping an eye on weather as the latest forecast shows a 30% chance of favorable liftoff conditions "
"John Nash was a mathematical genius. He is the only person to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics and the Abel Prize.   Here is his recommendation letter for the graduate college at Princeton written in 1948. "
"Gdel's Loophole "
"Over three hundred years ago, Robert Boyle - the father of modern Chemistry - wrote a list of things that he hoped could be achieved through science "
"On this day in 1990, RFC 1149 was published. It described a standard for the transmission of IP Datagrams on Avian Carriers (IPoAC). "
"The petrol horse: a novel form of tractor patented in France in 1897 "
"The barber paradox "
"Charles Babbage never managed to secure the funding necessary to complete his proposed Analytical Engine  This week's paper explores his years-long correspondence with Ada Lovelace about the unbuilt invention: "
"Nobody ordered a salad "
"#fanartfriday by #toyagogo "
"Look     cracte "
"Rick and Morty Seasons 1-5 now on Blu-ray  "
"Congratulations to all the student competitors at this weekends 2022 Los Angeles Regional FIRST Robotics Competition.   Six teams, including one mentored and sponsored by JPL, are headed to the international championship. "
"To prepare for its August launch, #MissionToPsyche recently completed a gauntlet of tests to ensure it can operate in the extreme conditions it will face on its trip to a metal-rich asteroid.   It was deemed healthy and ready to proceed toward launch   "
"Launched in 1977, @NASAVoyager carries a Golden Record with images, greetings, nature sounds, and music from our planet.  While we celebrate music tonight on Earth, were wondering: What songs would you send to the cosmos? "
"Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has once again spotted the @NASAPersevere rover from space. And that dot on the right? It's the Ingenuity #MarsHelicopter! Details: "
"Calling all faculty, staff &amp; students at Minority-Serving Institutions!  Applications for the @NASA x @starburstaero MSI Space Accelerator are due April 6. Successful applicants will receive $50,000 equity-free prize funding!   Learn more &amp; apply: "
"Sound on  The first study of recordings from @NASAPersevere shows the speed of sound is slower on Mars than on Earth  and that its different for low-pitched &amp; high-pitched noises. The two sound speeds are an effect of the thin CO2 atmosphere. "
"LIVE Other than Earth, no planet has been so long examined as Mars has. We all start somewhere and no beginning is easy. Hear about our earliest missions to the Red Planet and how we boldly went towards the unknown to do what hadn't been done before. "
"#OTD in 1970, after more than 58,000 orbits, the first satellite successfully launched by the U.S. reentered Earths atmosphere &amp; burned up. Explorer 1 carried a cosmic ray detector, which led to the discovery of radiation belts around Earth. "
"Its stargazing time - if you're an early riser April begins with a planetary conjunction, and by the end of the month, FOUR planets will be gathered together in the morning skies. More skywatching tips: "
"Interested in Mars exploration? We have a special screening for you! From the JPL and the Space Age history series, The Changing Face of Mars reveals our first roles in venturing to the Red Planet. Tune in March 31 at 4pm PT/7pm ET/2300 UTC: "
"1950 DA is a kilometer-sized #asteroid that was at the top of the near-Earth object risk list due to a small chance of Earth impact in 2880. New calculations by @NASAJPLs Center for Near-Earth Object Studies (CNEOS) decreased its probability of impact: "
"TODAY: A special conversation with @SmithsonianAIB and NASA Ambassadors. Chat with experts about how they got started at NASA and get career advice.   Share questions using #IfThenSheCan. "
"Taking time out to send some special messages direct from Mars to some deserving middle-schoolers. These persevering students will get their messages and talk to my team on April 5.  Know a kid whos #gotperseverance? Nominate by April 24: "
"Get the inside story on @Astro_Sabots record-setting 355-day trip on the @Space_Station with a virtual news briefing, April 5 at 10am ET (14:00 UTC): "
"The Exp 67 crew waits for the #Ax1 mission from @Axiom_Space while focusing on human research, physics, and spacewalk preps today. "
"Four Exp 67 crewmates relaxed today after a busy March. Three new cosmonauts are two weeks into a 6.5-month mission aboard the station. "
"Spotted from the Space Station: @NASA_SLS and @NASA_Orion at Launch Complex 39B at @NASAKennedy.  Best of luck on this weekends Wet Dress Rehearsal. The space station serves as NASAs ultimate testbed for missions to the Moon and beyond, learn more here: "
"This week on #SpaceToGround, Mark Vande Hei returns from setting a new NASA spaceflight record after spending nearly one year on the orbiting laboratory. "
"On April 6, Axiom Mission 1 (#Ax1) will lift off from Launch Complex 39A here at Kennedy Space Center, marking the first private astronaut mission to the @Space_Station.  Here's how you can tune in: "
"How does the mission of the space station help prepare for @NASAArtemis? Jessica Watkins explains during the @SpaceX #Crew4 news conference from @NASA_Johnson today. "
".@NASA's @SpaceX #Crew4 is gearing up to launch to the space station as part of the @Commercial_Crew  program. Learn more &gt; "
"Exp 67 is officially underway with the crew studying the nervous system and autonomous robotics today. "
"LIVE: Ever wanted to ask a question of an astronaut about to head to space? This is your chance. #Crew4 is answering questions about their upcoming mission to the @Space_Station! Share your own Qs with the #AskNASA hashtag: "
"LIVE NOW: Mission managers are live on NASA TV to give an overview of NASA's SpaceX Crew-4 mission to the @Space_Station. Submit your question using #askNASA and follow along: "
"Four astronauts will soon launch to the @Space_Station from @NASAKennedy for @NASA's @SpaceX #Crew4 mission! Join us today to hear from mission leaders and the crew members:  10:30am ET: Mission Overview News Conference 12pm ET: Crew News Conference  : "
"Fantastic place, occupied by amazing people, working for all of humanity. Ill forever cherish the memories of serving on the International Space Station.  Now, though, Im thrilled to be back on Mother Earth! "
"We're hosting two briefings tomorrow to discuss NASA's @SpaceX Crew-4 mission to the @Space_Station.  : 10:30 a.m. ET: Mission Overview  : 12 p.m. ET: News Conference with all 4 astronauts  Submit your questions using #askNASA. "
" 355 days  5,680 orbits of Earth  150,619,530 statute miles traveled   .@Astro_Sabot completed his record-setting spaceflight this morning and now holds the NASA single spaceflight record with 355 consecutive days in space! "
"355 days of science, reflection, and life-long friendships. A look back at NASA Astronaut Mark Vande Hei's record-breaking mission. "
".@Astro_Sabot is back on Earth after a NASA record-breaking 355 days in space! Next he will fly from Kazakhstan and return to his @NASA_Johnson home base in Houston 24 hours later. "
".@Astro_Sabot and cosmonauts Anton Shkaplerov and Pyotr Dubrov landed back on Earth inside the Soyuz MS-19 crew ship today at 7:28am ET. More... "
" LIVE NOW: Three crew members prepare for deorbit burn and a parachute-assisted landing on the steppe of Kazakhstan. "
"The Soyuz crew ship carrying @Astro_Sabot and two cosmonauts is heading back to Earth for a landing today at 7:28am ET. "
"Three Exp 66 crewmates undocked in their Soyuz crew ship today at 3:21am ET and are due to land on Earth at 7:28am. More... "
"Three Exp 66 crewmates, including @Astro_Sabot, are in their Soyuz crew ship ready to undock today at 3:21am ET live on @NASA TV. "
".@NASA astronaut @Astro_Sabot and Roscosmos cosmonauts Anton Shkaplerov and Pyotr Dubrov are starting their return journey to Earth. Coverage of the crews farewells, undocking, and landing is live now on NASA TV. "
"Building on @Space_Station's international partnerships with @ESA, @JAXA_en , and @csa_asc, Gateway will be built with a minimum 15-year lifetime in lunar orbit.    We are pushing boundaries to actively conduct science investigations on and around the Moon. "
"#Ax1, the first all-private astronaut mission to @space_station is now targeted for launch on April 6th  Join us: "
"After nearly one year in space, @Astro_Sabot shares what hes most looking forward to back on Earth! "
".@AstroMarshburn assumes station command today before the Exp 66 trio with @Astro_Sabot returns to Earth early Wednesday. "
"Crystals like youve never seen them before: theyre flexible:  "
"Looking for something to do? Perhaps try this fun award-winning brain game:   "
"Bad news...  Blue hydrogen is often marketed as clean, but in actuality, it may be even worse than burning coal:  "
"Crazy idea... "
"Do what you feel in your heart to be right  for youll be criticized anyway. - Eleanor Roosevelt"
"Extraordinary breakthrough: scientists developed a computer that can convert thoughts into speech:  "
"There are also glasses with etched whiskey chemistry molecules:  "
"Look again at this dot... "
"Super-black feathers can absorb virtually every photon of light that hits them:  "
"The Shredded Remains of a Cosmic Explosion  A titanic stellar explosion has left behind these cosmic ribbons of gas called a supernova. It is thought to be the remnant of a Type 1a supernova, the death of a white dwarf star  (Credit: NASA, ESA, Y. Chou; Processing: Gladys Kober) "
"Who owns the moon? A space lawyer answers:  "
"The Goldilocks Enigma: Why Is the Universe Just Right for Life?  "
"An enormous X1.3 class solar flare flashed in center of the Sun on Mar. 30, 2022.  This fragment was captured by NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory and shows a mixture of light from the 171 and 131 angstrom wavelengths.  (Credit: NASA/GSFC/SDO) "
"Do blind people have better hearing?  "
"Mapping the Heavens: The Radical Scientific Ideas That Reveal the Cosmos:  "
"Oceans on Mars  (Credit: Kevin Gill) "
"How brains do what they do is more complex than what anatomy on its own suggests:  "
"Abstract vector optical illusion  This is a plain jpeg, nothing is actually moving... "
"Scientists got yet another step closer to self-sustaining nuclear fusion:  "
"Beautiful NASA DART mission launch shot!  (Credit: Official SpaceX Photos) "
"Interesting book: Dark Matter and Dark Energy: The Hidden 95% of the Universe: "
"Forget the Anthropocene: weve entered the synthetic age:  "
"Western Coastline of Greece as seen from the International Space Station  (Credit: NASA Earth Observatory) "
"One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.   - Sigmund Freud"
"Gorgeous: NGC 1398, a spiral galaxy adrift...  (Credit: Dark Energy Survey/DOE/FNAL/DECam/CTIO/NOIRLab/NSF/AURA, T.A. Rector, J. Miller, M. Zamani, D. de Martin) "
"Saturns moons may be younger than the dinosaurs  so could life really exist there?  "
"Excellent ebook bundle: Harness the potential of artificial intelligence with the AI &amp; Machine Learning bundle by O'Reilly  You can get 5 ebooks for only $1/1 using our affiliate link here: "
"Did the milky way steal these stars or kick them out of the galaxy?  "
"Could The Universe Be Inside A Black Hole?  "
"How to build a starship  and why we should start thinking about it now:  "
"Great book!   The World According to Physics: Jim Al-Khalili offers a fascinating and illuminating look at what physics reveals about the world:  "
"Could humans hibernate?  "
"A Galaxy to Take Your Breath Away...  NGC 6946 is nothing short of spectacular. In the last century alone, it has experienced 10 observed supernovae, earning its nickname as the Fireworks Galaxy.   (Credit: ESA/Hubble &amp; NASA, A. Leroy, K. S. Long) "
"Food as medicine: your brain really does want you to eat more veggies:  "
"Cool Planetarium Paperweight:   "
"Speaking two languages shields you from cognitive decline and dementia:  "
"Stunning image showing knots of cold, dense interstellar gas where new stars are forming  This is rare view because these lumps of gas are dark, they are rarely seen by telescopes  (Credit: NASA, ESA, and R. Sahai; Processing: Gladys Kober) "
"Astronomers Spot a Distant and Lonely Neutron Star:  "
"Cool Light Saber Chopsticks!  "
"Red, white but rarely blue  the science of fireworks colors, explained:  "
"Edge Cake  (Credit: xkcd) "
"Raikoke Volcano Erupting  (Credit: NASA) "
"Does eating at night make you fat?   "
"Awesome Constellation Whiskey Glasses:  "
"How to generate oxygen on Mars?  "
"Great! "
"A view that those of us that live on the northern hemisphere are missing - The Southern Cross. "
"How long does it take to get the asteroid belt?  "
"Check out this incredibly cool LEGO set! International Space Station:  "
"Research Check: can even moderate drinking cause brain damage?  "
"Interesting fact:  It only took 50 grams of gold to coat the huge 25 m2 mirror of the James Webb Space Telescope. (Which is enough to make about 7 wedding rings) "
"Six amazing facts you need to know about ants!  "
"Very cool 3D LED moon night light:  "
"Special lettuce grown in space can prevent bone loss for future Mars-bound astronauts:  "
"Record Broken: Hubble Spots Farthest Star Ever Seen  (Credit: NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center) "
"An interesting geographical presentation of the world where the size of the countries are not drawn according to the distribution of land, but according to the distribution of people  (Credit: Max Roser/Our World in Data) "
"Images of the different hemispheres of the asteroid Ceres, the largest object in the main asteroid belt that exists between Mars and Jupiter.   (Credit: ESO) "
"According to Dutch biologists, natural pest control can be achieved by simply promoting the effectiveness of the natural enemies of pest insects.  "
"Cycles of Time: An Extraordinary New View of the Universe:  "
"Scientists discovered that there exist thousands of undiscovered tee species:  "
"Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.''   - Albert Einstein"
"XKeyboarCD   (Credit: xkcd) "
"As life expectancies rise, so are expectations for healthy aging:  "
"Cosmos Kitchen Knife Set: "
"How to build a starship  and why we should start thinking about it now:  "
"On March 23rd 2178 Pluto will complete only its first full orbit around the sun since its discovery! "
"Gorgeous comparison of the Tarantula nebula in infrared and visible light  (Credit: ESO/VMC Survey) "
"At home charging time would be cut from 10 hours to 3 minutes. At fast charging stations, the charge time would be cut from about 30 minutes to mere seconds:  "
"Awesome gadget - Heat Sensitive Constellation mug:   "
"Prebiotics may be able to help restore your disturbed sleep cycle:  "
"Handy gadget if your laptop is overheating - Laptop Cooling Pad: "
"Health Check: how can I make it easier to wake up in the morning?  "
"Hate vegetables? You might have super-taster genes!  "
"42 of the largest asteroids in our Solar System and their orbits  Credit: ESO/M. Kornmesser/Vernazza et al./MISTRAL algorithm (ONERA/CNRS) "
"Shower thought:  Fewer and fewer kids are going to know what static on a TV looks like unless they see a video of it."
"The ancient shark grew much larger in colder waters following the so-called Bergmann's rule.:  "
"Interesting book!  Shape: The Hidden Geometry of Information, Biology, Strategy, Democracy, and Everything Else:  "
"Scientists think that even greater lightning flashes may occur!  "
"Too busy to follow science news during the week?  Consider subscribing to our (free) Universal-Sci Weekly newsletter, which provides you with the 5 most interesting articles of the week:  "
"Does cannabis cure cancer? We asked an expert:  "
"The Milky Way is Still Rippling from a Galactic Collision Millions of Years Ago:  "
"Great book!  Is space is infinite? Is there is life elsewhere? What are the mysterious 'dark' parts of the Universe?  Cosmologist Jo Dunkley guides us through the history of our Universe as we know it in Our Universe: An Astronomer's Guide: "
"How many of earths moons crashed back into the planet?  "
"Largest Known Trans-Neptunian Objects   (Credit: Kevin M. Gill, Earth: NOAA/NASA/University of Wisconsin Suomi NPP, Moon: NASA Pluto &amp; Charon: NASA/JPL/SwRI) "
"Did you know that Bluetooth was named after Harald Bluetooth, a Scandinavian king from the 10th century?  The idea was based on an analogy that the technology would unite devices the way Harald Bluetooth united the tribes of Denmark.  The logo is even based on his initials: "
"Does hitting the snooze button really help you feel better?  "
"The Cosmic Machine: The Science That Runs Our Universe and the Story Behind It:  "
"Three classes of stars in our galaxy compared in terms of several important variables for life!  Habitable zones are wider for hotter stars while longevity for red dwarf M stars can exceed 100 billion years!   (Credit: NASA, ESA and Z. Levy (STScI)) "
"Why exercise gets harder the less you do:  "
"Bizarre fact:  If strung ent to end, all of your DNA could stretch to the moon and back over 150,000 times!"
"There are also constellation glasses: "
"Awesome Whiskey glasses Etched with Whiskey Chemistry Molecules: "
"No more mosquito bites with Mosquito-resistant clothing developed by scientists:  "
"Dione - Sept 30 2007  (Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/SSI/Kevin M. Gill) "
"The world as 100 people over the last two centuries...  (Credit: Max Roser) "
"One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.   - Sigmund Freud"
"People with obesity gene can still lose weight:  "
"#Childhood emotional trauma linked to heightened multiple sclerosis risk among #women "
"Survivors of gun violence and their families face increased risk of #mentalhealthdisorders, higher #healthcare spending @harvardmed @AnnalsofIM "
"The art of smell: Research suggests the #brain processes smell both like a painting and a symphony @CellReports "
"##Sodatax reduces consumption among boys but not girls @cornell "
"#Vaccine protects most cancer patients from COVID, but risk remains higher for patients with #bloodcancers "
"Study finds #antimicrobialresistance is making UTIs more deadly "
"Pandemic drives use of #telehealth for #mentalhealth care @Health_Affairs "
"Proteins in #saliva could aid in #COVID-19 detection and predict severe illness "
"#Pancreaticcancer #cells harness normal tissue turnover to build protective barriers @nyulangone @PNASNews "
"Gender may influence the way people cope with alcohol dependence "
"Stroke, #heartfailure #deathrates accelerating in some Hispanic adults @JAHA_AHA "
"#Alzheimer'sdisease: The identification of 75 #geneticriskfactors brings new insights @NatureGenet "
"Artificial intelligence facilitates tissue substructure identification from #spatialresolvedtranscriptomics @NatureComms "
"Researchers identify neuronal mechanisms that control food cravings during pregnancy @UniBarcelona "
"Getting under the skin of an autoimmune disorder @CellCellPress "
"Study predicts COVID-19 deaths will rebound when all #restrictions are lifted @HarvardResearch "
"Vaccine resistance comes from childhood legacy of mistrust "
"AI test could predict effective #cancer #drugcombinations in less than two days @icrnews "
"The surprising twist behind a rare neurological disorder @jclinicalinvest "
"Focus on childhood #glaucoma caregivers @flinders "
"The ticking time-bomb of #diabetes @uniofadelaide "
"#Pandemic 'shielding' led to two-fold rise in #depressivesymptoms in over-50s @AdmissionsUoM "
"In food safety study, 25% of participants contaminated salad with raw #chicken @ncstate "
"COVID-19 #vaccine not associated with #birthdefects detectable on ultrasound: study @northwesternu @JAMAPeds "
"Loss of neurons, not lack of #sleep, makes Alzheimer's #patients drowsy @ucsf @jamaneuro "
"Hospitals rapidly translated evidence into practice during the pandemic @jamanetworkopen "
"Study points to worrying fitness levels in some young teens @imperialspark "
"A new study provides valuable information on #DNAmethylation and #geneexpression in children @ISGLOBALorg @elife "
"Cause of metastasis in #prostatecancer discovered "
"Major bleeding reduced in patients having non-#cardiacsurgery @mcmastereng @nejm "
"World-first bedside genetic test to prevent babies going deaf @AdmissionsUoM @JAMAPeds "
"Levels of a certain hormone could predict or detect #boneloss in premenopausal #women "
"A pruneor sixa day may keep inflammation at bay "
"Hold the salt: Study reveals how reducing #sodiumintake can help patients with #heartfailure @ualberta @TheLancet "
"New research shows survival rate improvement for extremely pre-term infants @JAMA_current "
"CRISPR and #HIV: New technique in human blood unveils potential paths toward cure @northwesternu @NatureComms "
"Learning gains while we #sleep originate from the #learningprocess itself and not just from using the brain @riken_en @sfnjournals "
"Cellular structure of the human #metathalamus revealed in novel 3D map "
"First human challenge trial shows how COVID-19 strikes @NatureMedicine "
"Are COVID-19-linked arrhythmias caused by viral damage to the heart's #pacemakercells? @WeillCornell "
"Can weekly #prednisone treat #obesity? @northwesternu @jclinicalinvest @JExpMed @ScienceAdvances "
"#Immunesystem 'sentinel' #cells key to maintaining and regulating response to immunotherapy @ImmunityCP "
"Researchers identify ways to limit transferred #cancer growth @NatureComms "
"Half of #olderadults now die with a #dementia diagnosis, up sharply from two decades ago @umich "
"Researchers roll out data on COVID #vaccine distribution and waste @ncstate "
"Decoding movement and speech from the #brain of a tetraplegic person @Caltech @neurocellpress "
"Australian women suffering high levels of mental distress due to #financialinsecurity "
"Majority of adolescents with severe #substanceusedisorder don't grow out of it @umich @jamanetworkopen "
"Higher doses of anti-#seizure medications may be needed in #pregnancy @northwesternu @jamaneuro "
"Ubiquitous nutrients suppress appetite and promote movement @ETH_en @currentbiology "
"Combining two molecules blocks 95% of live viral infection in lung cells "
"Lower dose of #insulin-sensitizing drug benefits patients with Type 2 diabetes "
"Optimizing #deepbrainstimulation in patients with #dystonia @PNASNews "
"Novel nuclear microRNA is being developed for the treatment of cardiovascular disease @PLOSONE "
"Weed-killer compounds also kill parasite sometimes found in cat feces "
"Biologists discover signaling pathways potentially associated with #pancreaticcancer @VanderbiltU "
"Higher #blood fats more harmful than first thought @universityleeds @NatureComms "
"Study sheds light on why immunodeficiency affects only one identical twin @NatureComms "
"Study shows COVID-19's lingering impacts on the #brain @NatureComms "
"'Hybrid immunity' gives best COVID protection: studies @TheLancetInfDis "
"Mutations in noncoding DNA are found to protect the #brain from #ALS @NatureNeuro "
"New study finds autistic and non-#autisticpeople share more in common than previously understood @UniOfBath "
"In mice, #zinc improves regeneration of key immune organ and immune-cell recovery after #bonemarrowtransplant "
"NIH experts discuss controlling COVID-19 in commentary on #herdimmunity @NIAIDNews "
"#Pandemic took a toll on teen #mentalhealth, US study says "
"Image-based #ECG algorithm improves access to care in remote settings @yale @NatureComms "
"New study explores relationship between psychedelics and #consciousness "
"Classification of 16 adult #sleep patterns based on large-scale sleep analysis @PNASNews "
"New insights into FXTAS could inform future research and clinical trials "
"Cold chills and aggression: Recent study examines responses to aversive #music @uniofjyvaskyla "
"First complete #humangenome poised to strengthen genetic analysis, study shows @NIST @sciencemagazine "
"Now fully complete, #humangenome reveals new secrets @sciencemagazine @naturemethods "
"First complete, gapless sequence of a #humangenome reveals hidden regions @sciencemagazine "
"Some hard-to-crack #genome areas carry #genes that make us distinctly humans @uwmedicine @sciencemagazine "
"Researchers identify new targets for immunotherapy in #coloncancer @tudresden_de @ImmunityCP "
"Specialized liver blood vessel identity factor required for regeneration @WeillCornell @CellStemCell "
"Toxic air pollutants from smoking cannabis with a bong are 4 times worse than cigarettes, study finds @jamanetworkopen "
"Study shows COVID risk greater for those with poorly controlled or severe #asthma @imperialspark "
"Lower life expectancies of socially disadvantaged linked to reduced microbial exposures @uclnews "
"Coughing mice and the fight against #pertussis @osaka_univ @mbiojournal "
"Pharmacy researchers receive patent for chemical probe @texastech "
"Wireless #painmanagement for drug-resistant conditions offers promising alternative to surgery, study finds @UTHealth @natBME "
"New gene targets for treating adult blood #cancer @HokkaidoUni "
"C/EBP/AEP pathway dictates both Alzheimer's disease and longevity: Study @ScienceAdvances "
"Using sugar to make 3D-printed mold of blood vessel networks to more easily study #bloodflow near tumors @TUeindhoven "
"Plastic exposure in pregnancy could explain low weight in newborn boys @AdmissionsUoM "
"Rising parental expectations linked to #perfectionism in #collegestudents @apa "
"Researching the mystery of consciousness after #braininjury @stonybrooku @CommsBio "
"Targeting a protein to combat slow #woundhealing @AdmissionsUoM "
"New genetic risk factors for arrhythmia discovered @northwesternu @NatureGenet "
"Chemicals in #pet feces may signal threats to #humanhealth @nyulangone "
"Study sheds light on psychological therapies for #chroniclowbackpain "
"Global disparities persist in #opioid painkiller access @uclnews @TheLancet "
"Study finds #convalescentplasma can be effective early COVID-19 therapy @nejm "
"Study shows long-term safety of genetically modified immune effector cells @BCMHouston "
"Two distinct #tuberculosis #subtypes identified, with implications for personalized therapy @BCMHouston "
"Racial and ethnic disparities exist in prescribing #rifaximin for patients with #hepaticencephalopathy @umich @JAMA_current "
"Why are people with allergic asthma less susceptible to severe COVID? @PNASNews "
"#SARS-CoV-2 spike protein is more stable, slower-changing than earlier version @jbiolchem "
"Nanotherapy for micro-preemies protects lungs and brains in lab study "
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"Vote for your favorite song in the South Park Music Madness tournament!"
"If you're looking for great escapist literature--and who wouldn't be these days?--I've got the thing. My friend Larry Lockridge's The Great Cyprus Think Tank. Wild! "
"This is why we test. We ended todays @NASAArtemis wet dress rehearsal after encountering a vent valve issue while loading propellant into the @NASA_SLS fuel tank.  We're investigating, &amp; plan to host a media teleconference Apr. 5 at 4pm ET (20:00 UTC): "
"Were participating in the #37Space Symposium. Live broadcasts start Tuesday, April 5.  12:25pm EDT (16:25 UTC) @Astro_Pam speaks on our Moon-to-Mars strategy  1:15pm EDT (17:15 UTC) NASA leaders discuss the space economy  Info on NASA at #SpaceSymposium: "
".@NASAHubble has photographed evidence of a Jupiter-like protoplanet  a planet in the making. Estimated to be nine times more massive than Jupiter, its discovery supports a long-debated theory of how planets form: "
"Get the inside story on @Astro_Sabots record-setting 355-day trip on the @Space_Station with a virtual news briefing, April 5 at 10am ET (14:00 UTC): "
"We are go for tanking.   @NASAKennedy teams will soon begin loading the @NASA_SLS rocket with fuel and conduct leak checks to make sure the tanking is proceeding as expected. Follow @NASAGroundSys for real-time updates: "
".@NASAKennedy teams are go to proceed with the #Artemis I wet dress rehearsal  the prelaunch test for the @NASA_SLS rocket and @NASA_Orion spacecraft.  Weather is looking good. Follow @NASAGroundSys for real-time updates: "
"Axiom Mission 1 (Ax-1) is now targeting launch no earlier than Friday, April 8 at 11:17 am. EDT. Follow the mission and learn about the update below. #Ax1   "
"Launched in 1977, @NASAVoyager carries a Golden Record with images, greetings, nature sounds, and music from our planet.  While we celebrate music tonight on Earth, were wondering: What songs would you send to the cosmos? "
"We're targeting Monday, April 4, to resume the @NASAArtemis I wet dress rehearsal. The launch control team will meet at 6am ET (10:00 UTC) before deciding if they will proceed with propellant loading.  Follow @NASAGroundSys and "
"LIVE: @NASAArtemis leaders provide a news update on the status of the final major test for our mega Moon rocket and spacecraft ahead of the #Artemis I mission: "
"Hear from #Artemis I leaders about the final major test for the rocket that will send humanity back to the Moon. Listen to the media teleconference set for 5:30 p.m. EDT as we discuss next steps for the wet dress rehearsal. "
"For safety, we've stopped the #Artemis I wet dress rehearsal. Teams are meeting now to assess next steps. We are looking at Monday, April 4 as the next opportunity to resume operations, and will have a media briefing later today. Check here for updates. "
"At approximately 6:45 a.m. EDT, the launch director and mission management team chair gave the go to begin tanking the rocket. Meteorologists with Space Launch Delta 45 said there were no weather violations for the test.-JP MORE: "
"Check out images of @NASA_SLS and @NASA_Orion at Launch Complex 39B as teams work through the #Artemis I wet dress rehearsal test. More : "
"Teams here at Kennedy are continuing to work through the #Artemis I wet dress rehearsal test.  Want to follow along? @NASAGroundSys will be posting updates throughout the weekend in addition to our live video stream: "
"This week at NASA, we spotted the most distant star ever and set a spaceflight record. What else? Watch. "
"The countdown is now underway for the final prelaunch test for #Artemis I.   Teams will now begin practicing every step prior to liftoff for the launch of @NASAArtemis. Follow @NASAGroundSys for real-time updates: "
"Now let's get in formation    3 out of #NASAWebb's 4 instruments have been successfully aligned to its mirrors! This concludes the 6th stage of its 7 mirror alignment phases to create the most accurate &amp; focused images possible: "
"The Sounds of Silence (and Science) on Mars  Listen to audio from @NASAPersevere. New research shows the speed of sound is slower on the Red Planet than on Earth, and at least this season, is very, very quiet: "
"This weekend, @NASAArtemis teams will be conducting the last major test before the launch of our upcoming mission to the Moon.  Follow @NASAKennedy, and @NASAGroundSys for updates in real-time: "
"Theyre builders. Theyre explorers. They're family.  #WomensHistoryMonth 2022 comes to a close, but we never stop honoring those who make space for everybody: "
"In early April, Venus, Mars, and Saturn form a trio in the sky. Not to be left out, catch Jupiter similarly close to Venus on April 30.   More of ""what's up"" this month: "
"Live Q&amp;A: Hubble Detects Farthest Star Ever Seen "
" Launch update!  NASA's SpaceX #Crew4 mission is now launching no earlier than April 20 at 6:37 a.m. ET. The four astronauts are set to arrive at the @Space_Station the next day. "
"LIVE: Ever wanted to ask a question of an astronaut about to head to space? This is your chance. #Crew4 is answering questions about their upcoming mission to the @Space_Station! Share your own Qs with the #AskNASA hashtag: "
"LIVE: @SpaceX and @ESA leaders provide a mission overview of #Crew4, our next @Commercial_Crew mission to the @Space_Station. Tweet us your questions with #AskNASA! "
"A new chapter for space travel.   Axiom Mission 1 (#Ax1) is the first all-private astronaut mission to the @Space_station, targeted to launch on Wednesday, April 6 from @NASAKennedy. Get the details on pre-launch and launch activities: "
"Sun, we need to talk about your flare.     The Sun emitted a significant solar flare on March 30, peaking at 1:35 p.m. ET (17:35 UTC). Our orbiting @NASASun Solar Dynamics Observatory captured the action: "
"We're hosting two briefings tomorrow to discuss NASA's @SpaceX Crew-4 mission to the @Space_Station.  : 10:30 a.m. ET: Mission Overview  : 12 p.m. ET: News Conference with all 4 astronauts  Submit your questions using #askNASA. "
"Twinkle, twinkle farthest star   @NASAHubble just smashed records by observing the farthest individual star ever seen. Its light took 12.9 billion years to reach usso we're seeing how it looked when the universe was less than a billion years old!  More: "
"Women leaders from NASA will take your questions today at noon ET about career paths, what its like to work at NASA, and tips on applying. Join our @NASAPeople on LinkedIn for this #WomensHistoryMonth Q&amp;A: "
"Welcome home, @Astro_Sabot!  Setting the record for longest single NASA spaceflight, Mark Vande Hei spent 355 days off the planet. He contributed to hundreds of science experiments that benefit life on Earth and will help shape future deep space missions: "
".@Astro_Sabot is back on Earth after a NASA record-breaking 355 days in space! Next he will fly from Kazakhstan and return to his @NASA_Johnson home base in Houston 24 hours later. "
".@Astro_Sabot and cosmonauts Anton Shkaplerov and Pyotr Dubrov landed back on Earth inside the Soyuz MS-19 crew ship today at 7:28am ET. More... "
" LIVE NOW: Three crew members prepare for deorbit burn and a parachute-assisted landing on the steppe of Kazakhstan. "
"After breaking the U.S. spaceflight record with 355 consecutive days in space, @Astro_Sabot is set to return to Earth. Watch on "
"What in the universe are NASA scientists and engineers most curious about?  Find out in our latest NASA podcast: "
"LIVE: NASA Ambassadors talk with @SmithsonianAIB on how they got to where they are. What questions do you have for them? Ask using #IfThenSheCan.    Wondering who's who? A thread: "
"Singapore is the 18th country to sign the Artemis Accords.   By signing the #Artemis Accords, Singapore demonstrates its commitment to the peaceful and responsible exploration of space.   "
"Our Earth Information System, a collection of open and accessible data products for use by all to improve life on Earth, is the subject of a talk this evening.  Tune in at 8 p.m. ET (0:00 UTC) for this event with @NASAEarth and @airandspace experts. "
"TODAY: A special conversation with @SmithsonianAIB and NASA Ambassadors. Chat with experts about how they got started at NASA and get career advice.   Share questions using #IfThenSheCan. "
"#Ax1, the first all-private astronaut mission to @space_station is now targeted for launch on April 6th  Join us: "
"LIVE NOW: Teams detail next steps for the upcoming prelaunch test of our #Artemis I @NASA_SLS Moon rocket: "
"Teams will soon conduct the final prelaunch test for #Artemis I, which involves filling the @NASA_SLS rocket with fuel and completing a practice countdown: "
"Celebrated comedian and games industry alumnus Imran Yusuf will be returning to front the MCV/DEVELOP Awards in just over three weeks time. "
"Lisa Opie, managing director at Ubisoft Reflections and Ubisoft Leamington, has been announced as the latest keynote speaker for this years Develop:Brighton.  "
"Voting for the MCV/DEVELOP Awards is now closed. We'll see you at The Brewery on April 28th! "
"With the London Games Festival kicking off tomorrow, Chris Wallace catches up with Michael French and David Lilley to find out more about the festivities, including their brand new consumer event, WASD. "
"Every month an industry leader wraps up MCV/DEVELOP with their unique insight. This month we talk to Nick Roberts, head of studio at Amuzo Games. "
"""Half your players will likely switch to a competitors game after one instance of a poor player experience according to current research. If your support team cannot deal with increasing inquiries, its time to scale."" "
"The UK video games market grew to a record 7.16bn in 2021, according to UKIE's UK Consumer Games Market Valuation 2021. "
"German authorities shut down #Russian Hydra DarkNet market and seized $25 million in #Bitcoin.  Read: "
"Is API Security on Your Radar?  Cybercriminals are targeting APIs more aggressively than ever before, and businesses must take a proactive approach to API security to combat this new aggression.  Read: "
"Researchers have linked widespread cyberespionage attacks to a #Chinese hacker group called Cicada that has been attacking organizations around the world, including government, legal, religious, and NGOs.  Details: "
"Email marketing service #Mailchimp was hacked and customers' accounts were accessed to carry out #phishing attacks, including users of #cryptocurrency wallet company Trezor.  Read details: "
"U.S. cybersecurity agency #CISA has included the recently disclosed Remote Code Execution (RCE) #vulnerability affecting Spring Framework in its Known Exploited Vulnerabilities Catalog based on ""evidence of active exploitation.""  Details: "
"Chinese APT hacker group ""Deep Panda'' exploits the infamous #Log4Shell vulnerability in #VMware Horizon to infect targeted servers with rootkit #malware signed with a stolen digital certificate.  Details: "
"#DevOps platform GitLab has released software updates to fix a critical #vulnerability (CVE-2022-1162) that could allow attackers to hijack accounts.  Read details: "
"Researchers uncover a new #Android spyware with a C2 server linked to the Turla hackers, masquerading as a ""process manager"" service to stealthily siphon off sensitive information stored on infected devices.  Details: "
"Several state-sponsored hacker groups are using the ongoing Russian-Ukrainian war as bait to attack a variety of sectors, including energy, finance, and government, with #malware and steal sensitive information.  Read: "
"A new attack, dubbed ""Brokenwire,"" could allow remote attackers to disrupt the ability to charge electric vehicles at scale from a distance of as far as 47m.  Read details: "
"Researchers have shed light on a previously undocumented ""sophisticated"" information-stealing #malware called ""BlackGuard"" that is advertised for sale on #Russian underground #hacking forums.  Read details: "
"Beastmode #DDoS botnet is now exploiting recently disclosed vulnerabilities in TOTOLINK routers to infect unpatched devices and expand its reach potentially.  Read details: "
"British police have charged 2 of the 7 teenagers arrested last week for their alleged links to the #LAPSUS$ data extortion gang.  Read details: "
"A 15-year-old developer account hijacking #vulnerability has been disclosed in the PEAR #PHP repository that could've allowed attackers to launch supply-chain attacks by releasing new malicious versions of existing packages.  Details: "
"Researchers have found a Russian wiper #malware, dubbed ""AcidRain,"" believed to be responsible for the recent #cyberattack on Viasat that temporarily knocked KA-SAT modems offline.  Read details: "
"Critical vulnerabilities (CVE-2022-1161, CVE-2022-1159) reported in Rockwell PLCs &amp; engineering workstation #software that can be exploited to inject malicious code and stealthily modify automation processes.  Details: "
"Hackers are increasingly using the recently disclosed browser-in-the-browser (BitB) technique as part of their credential #phishing campaigns exploiting the ongoing #RussianUkrainianWar.  Read details: "
"Researchers have discovered the first #Python-based #ransomware strain that specifically targets exposed Jupyter notebooks, a web-based interactive #computing platform.  Read details: "
"Important  Spring Framework maintainers have released an emergency patch to address a newly disclosed RCE #vulnerability (CVE-2022-22965) that could allow unauthenticated attackers to take control of targeted systems.  Details: "
"North Korean state-backed Lazarus #hacking group has been spreading backdoored versions of #DeFi wallet apps to gain remote access to victims' systems and steal their cryptocurrencies.  Read details: "
"A 15-year-old developer account hijacking #vulnerability has been disclosed in the PEAR #PHP repository that could've allowed attackers to launch supply-chain attacks by releasing new malicious versions of existing packages.  Details: "
"British police have charged 2 of the 7 teenagers arrested last week for their alleged links to the #LAPSUS$ data extortion gang.  Read details: "
"#DevOps platform GitLab has released software updates to fix a critical #vulnerability (CVE-2022-1162) that could allow attackers to hijack accounts.  Read details: "
"3 New security vulnerabilities have been discovered in the popular #Wyze Cam devices that could allow attackers to execute arbitrary code and access camera feeds.  Read details: "
"Apple is rolling out emergency security patches to address 2 new zero-day vulnerabilities affecting #iOS, iPadOS and #macOS operating systems that may have been exploited in the wild.  Details: "
"Formulating proper data destruction policies to reduce data breach risks  "
"Researchers have found a Russian wiper #malware, dubbed ""AcidRain,"" believed to be responsible for the recent #cyberattack on Viasat that temporarily knocked KA-SAT modems offline.  Read details: "
"Critical vulnerabilities (CVE-2022-1161, CVE-2022-1159) reported in Rockwell PLCs &amp; engineering workstation #software that can be exploited to inject malicious code and stealthily modify automation processes.  Details: "
"Chinese APT hacker group ""Deep Panda'' exploits the infamous #Log4Shell vulnerability in #VMware Horizon to infect targeted servers with rootkit #malware signed with a stolen digital certificate.  Details: "
"North Korean state-backed Lazarus #hacking group has been spreading backdoored versions of #DeFi wallet apps to gain remote access to victims' systems and steal their cryptocurrencies.  Read details: "
"Zyxel releases patches for a critical authentication bypass #vulnerability (CVE-2022-0342) affecting its #firewalls and enterprise VPN products.  Read details: "
"Apple is rolling out emergency security patches to address 2 new zero-day vulnerabilities affecting #iOS, iPadOS and #macOS operating systems that may have been exploited in the wild.  Details: "
"Important  Spring Framework maintainers have released an emergency patch to address a newly disclosed RCE #vulnerability (CVE-2022-22965) that could allow unauthenticated attackers to take control of targeted systems.  Details: "
"Researchers detail how Wslink #malware loader uses a multi-layered virtual machine technique for obfuscation.  Read details: "
"Hackers using a ""complex and powerful"" #malware loader with the goal of installing #cryptocurrency miners on compromised systems and potentially enabling the theft of #Discord tokens.  Details: "
"Researchers have observed a new Transparent Tribe #hacking campaign targeting #Indian government and military entities.  Read details: "
"3 New security vulnerabilities have been discovered in the popular #Wyze Cam devices that could allow attackers to execute arbitrary code and access camera feeds.  Read details: "
"Researchers have discovered the first #Python-based #ransomware strain that specifically targets exposed Jupyter notebooks, a web-based interactive #computing platform.  Read details: "
"Hackers are increasingly using the recently disclosed browser-in-the-browser (BitB) technique as part of their credential #phishing campaigns exploiting the ongoing #RussianUkrainianWar.  Read details: "
"Researcher discloses PoC for a new UNPATCHED zero-day remote code execution #vulnerability in the Java Spring Framework, threatening the security of enterprise systems and web apps worldwide.  Details: "
"QNAP warns that a selected number of its network-attached storage (NAS) devices are affected by a recently disclosed Infinite Loop bug in the open-source OpenSSL #encryption library.  Details: "
"A new critical authentication bypass #vulnerability (CVE-2022-1040) that allows remote code execution on Sophos #Firewall devices is being actively exploited in real-world attacks.  Read details: "
"A group of academics has designed a new system called ""Privid"" that provides #privacy-preserving surveillance video analytics to combat concerns about invasive tracking.  Read details: "
"U.S. #Cybersecurity Agency (CISA) and the Department of Energy (DoE) have issued a joint warning against attacks on Internet-connected uninterruptible power supply (UPS) devices.  Read details: "
"Researchers have uncovered a new #malware campaign in which attackers are using a cracked version of the Mars backdoor and spreading it via #Google ads to steal information stored in web browsers and #cryptocurrency wallets.  Read: "
"&lt; New Deal &gt;   Improve Your Hacking Skills with 9 Python Courses for Just $39.  Get it here: "
"Researchers demonstrate a new #vulnerability in remote keyless entry system that could allow thieves to remotely unlock and even start #Honda and Acura vehicles.  Read details: "
" #LAPSUS$ gang announced their return on after a week-long ""vacation,"" leaking a large amount of data (70 GB) allegedly from the software company #Globant, including the source code for some of its customers.  "
"U.S. #Cybersecurity Agency (CISA) and the Department of Energy (DoE) have issued a joint warning against attacks on Internet-connected uninterruptible power supply (UPS) devices.  Read details: "
"A potentially critical SonicOS #vulnerability affects SonicWall #firewall appliances, allowing unauthenticated, remote attackers to execute arbitrary code and cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition.  Read details: "
"This Mandiant incident report for #Okta's Lapsus$ breach details the entire timeline of events.  Read details: "
"Researchers have uncovered a large-scale supply chain attack which exploited dependency confusion attacks on NPM repository by uploading more than 800 malicious packages.  Read details: "
"Another Chinese hacker group has entered the fray of the #Ukraine conflict and is attacking victims with the HeaderTip backdoor.  Read details: "
"""Purple Fox"" hackers have been using a new FatalRAT variant in their recent #malware distribution campaigns and have also improved evasion mechanisms to bypass security software.  Read details: "
"Researchers have observed a new Transparent Tribe #hacking campaign targeting #Indian government and military entities.  Read details: "
"Linguistics Degree "
"Instructions "
"Rejected Question Categories "
"My idiot computer crashed. Back on again on the livestream.  "
"Still going strong on the livestream.  "
"Doing drawings live starting now:  "
"With the writing in near complete form, it's now time to to do my book's remaining illustrations. And you're all invited. I'll be live streaming me doing the drawings Mon, Tue, and Wed of this week so you can see what it's like for a bad artist to try to draw things. [1/2]"
"Me: Im a young, cool dude  Twitter AI: Youre a middle-aged fat man "
"There is a gaping George Carlin shaped hole in todays political discourse."
"Over three hundred years ago, Robert Boyle - the father of modern Chemistry - wrote a list of things that he hoped could be achieved through science "
"The highest resolution image ever taken of the sun. Note the little pixel in the upper right corner.  Zoom in here: "
"So let us be alertalert in a twofold sense. Since Auschwitz we know what man is capable of. And since Hiroshima we know what is at stake.   Viktor Frankl"
"The highest resolution image ever taken of the sun. Note the little pixel in the upper right corner.  Zoom in here: "
"Salt and pepper up close.  [Thomas Deerinc] "
"Aren't these BRILLIANT though!? "
"A little dime-size hole drilled on Mars by NASAs Curiosity Rover. One day holes like this will have ropes around them with little plaques next to them explaining that this is from the pre-colonization era. By then Curiosity will be on display in Marss Air and Space Museum. "
"I want to live in this fractal.  [via pxfuel] "
"Reading some banned books to figure out what these states are so afraid of. "
"On today's episode of @psychpodcast I have on the eclectic Tim Urban (@waitbutwhy), author of the popular blog ""Wait But Why"". We discuss the complex relationship between identity and critical thinking, and how to engage in ""high rung thinking"". Enjoy! "
"Old man does some magic tricks "
"Remember AOL chat rooms in 1996? What a funny primitive version of social media."
"Are you a procrastinator like I am? Check out my conversation with Tim Urban of @waitbutwhy about why we wait until the last minuteand what can happen if we don't. Listen: "
"Timeline of music genre popularity.  [source: Google Big Picture Group] "
"Seems like helicopter is a combo of heli and copter. Like it's a copter that helis.   But it's actually helico-pter. A pter that helicos. "
"Looking at my calendar over the next few months and seeing a summer full of plans, pretty indistinguishable from summer 2019, I just had my first whiff of feeling like ""wow, Covid was a crazy period in history"" instead of feeling like it's a current event."
"Being politically ideological and politically tribal are different things, in direct conflict with each other. Being ideological nails your feet to a point on the political spectrum. Being tribal nails you to a group of people, wherever those people drift along the spectrum. 1/3"
"This is how roads were constructed during the Roman Empire "
"our nation is surprisingly polarized on the question of whether telling a tasteless joke is more wrong than committing physical assault "
"Often what feels like artistic/entrepreneurial/scientific creativity is actually just coloring within pre-set lines like a coloring book, where the lines are made of conventional structures and hardened assumptions. The secret sauce of the greatest painters is the blank canvas."
"Teach me something interesting using one comment"
"the scariest animal that ever lived is not T-Rex or Velociraptor. It's this. The mouth alone is longer than your body. Apex predator. And it flew. May i introduce you to Hatzegopteryx. "
"Is a Hotdog a Sandwich? Science Finally Has The Answer "
"Can You Beat This Quantum Puzzle Game? "
"The Mystery of Astronomy's Odd Radio Circles  "
"@SteveStuWill @Neuro_Skeptic @hugoreasoning A colleague of mine unwittingly graded some of his own writing (it was in the same pile as the student assignments), and gave himself a B-"
"People reject their own arguments if they're tricked into thinking they're someone else's "
"I've been doing some more DCGAN neural networks. Here's one I trained on the 1960 Kennedy-Nixon debate. In clockwise order I call these: Brad Pitt, Boxer Kennedy, George W. Nixon, the Finger. "
"@sina_lana @Neuro_Skeptic I have never had such a great time judging any other contest. I hope more people will participate in the next contest. Thanks a lot, Lana."
"The Fiction Science Contest has its 2022 winners! Read all submissions here: "
"Great study and an important result - what about other languages though? "
"@Neuro_Skeptic thinking about changing my name to Amy Gdala."
"Everything is about the amygdala these days, even slaps. "
"Not the emojis we want, but maybe the emojis we need?   1. Depressed 2. Evil laugh 3. Losing my mind 4. Sad Hitler 5. Melting face 6. Terrified of the future "
"2016   2017    2018 2019   2020   2021 "
"@Neuro_Skeptic @SteveStuWill I think we need to start paying attention to the horrors of AI art. It's telling us something.  It's flat land. Simulacrum. Uncanny. Not alive, not dead.  It's the beckoning abyss."
"I've been playing around with some machine learning in Python and I decided to train a DCGAN to generate some emojis. The horrifying results: "
"This tweet should not be read in isolation, but should be taken as part of the entire tweetome"
"A new study from the Duan lab describing a spinal circuit for innocuous cool sensations. "
"#Honey holds potential for making brain-like #computer chips "
"Global team of scientists determine 'fingerprint' for how much heat, drought is too much for forests @NatureComms "
"New non-destructive DNA method opens opportunities "
"Study describes new method for probing the bewildering diversity of the #microbiome "
"Are #eggcells in aging primates protected from #mutations? @penn_state @PNASNews "
"Survivors of gun violence and their families face increased risk of #mentalhealthdisorders, higher #healthcare spending @harvardmed @AnnalsofIM "
"The art of smell: Research suggests the #brain processes smell both like a painting and a symphony @CellReports "
"Disbelief in #humanevolution linked to greater #prejudice and racism @umassamherst "
"New immune system discovered in #bacteria @CellCellPress "
"'Freeze-thaw #battery' is adept at preserving its own #energy @PNNLab @cellpressnews "
"Researchers find patterns of #handguncarrying among #youth in rural areas, building foundation for injury prevention @jamanetworkopen "
"The secret to better #coffee? The #birds and the bees @PNASNews "
"Protected tropical #forest sees major bird declines over 40 years @Illinois_Alma @PNASNews "
"#Pancreaticcancer #cells harness normal tissue turnover to build protective barriers @nyulangone @PNASNews "
"Shake and bake: NASA's Psyche is tested in spacelike conditions @NASAJPL "
"A single nanoparticle does two jobs: Enhancing the effectiveness of #chemotherapy and reinvigorating the immune system @advmater "
"Chemical data management: An open way forward @epfl_en @NatureChemistry "
"#Birds are more colourful closer to the equator, study proves @NatureEcoEvo "
"People around the world like the same kinds of smells @currentbiology "
"The UN's 10,000-page red alert on #climatechange "
"NASA uses moonlight to improve #satellite accuracy @NASAGoddard "
"Thermal #electrons play key role in determining emissions from gamma-ray-burst afterglows @riken_en @AAS_Publishing "
"Deterministically integrated manipulation of magnetic skyrmions achieved in nanostructured device @NatureComms "
"#Alzheimer'sdisease: The identification of 75 #geneticriskfactors brings new insights @NatureGenet "
"A million times faster: #DNAnanotechnology could speed up pharmaceutical development while minimizing costs @uni_copenhagen @NatureChemistry "
"Artificial intelligence facilitates tissue substructure identification from #spatialresolvedtranscriptomics @NatureComms "
"Two-faced protein both inhibits and activates #Bcell receptor signaling @scisignal "
"A look into the future of #magneticphase transitions @NaturePhysics "
"Researchers identify neuronal mechanisms that control food cravings during pregnancy @UniBarcelona "
"Solar hydrogen: Better photoelectrodes through flash heating "
"Prenatal protoplanet upends planet formation models @NatureAstronomy "
"WHO says 99% of world's population breathes poor-quality #air "
"Machine-learning method creates a learnable chemical grammar to build synthesizable monomers and polymers @MIT "
"Getting under the skin of an autoimmune disorder @CellCellPress "
"Study predicts COVID-19 deaths will rebound when all #restrictions are lifted @HarvardResearch "
"Vaccine resistance comes from childhood legacy of mistrust "
"Researchers uncover a hardware security vulnerability on Android phones "
"Native parasite thrives alongside its bee host @flinders "
"The surprising twist behind a rare neurological disorder @jclinicalinvest "
"#Pandemic 'shielding' led to two-fold rise in #depressivesymptoms in over-50s @AdmissionsUoM "
"In food safety study, 25% of participants contaminated salad with raw #chicken @ncstate "
"Study finds empowering #workers can backfire @ncstate "
"'#Treeoflife' could help slow #climatechange @universityleeds @naturesustai "
"Delicate balance of coral #reef processes creates management challenges @NatureEcoEvo "
"COVID-19 #vaccine not associated with #birthdefects detectable on ultrasound: study @northwesternu @JAMAPeds "
"Loss of neurons, not lack of #sleep, makes Alzheimer's #patients drowsy @ucsf @jamaneuro "
"Manganese oxide material can rapidly store and release low-grade heat without decomposing @tohoku_univ @NatureComms "
"How the body's delivery system could lead to targeted therapeutics @ColoradoStateU "
"Measuring the cost effectiveness of different strategies to save the #orangutans @currentbiology "
"Converting #bodyheat into electricity: A step closer towards high-performance organic thermoelectrics @tudresden_de @ScienceAdvances "
"A new study provides valuable information on #DNAmethylation and #geneexpression in children @ISGLOBALorg @elife "
"Exploring monoatomic platinum catalysts @tuvienna @ScienceAdvances "
"Reversible #chemoenzymaticlabeling strategy enables in-depth analysis of protein O-GlcNAcylation @angew_chem "
"How #bacteria swim: Researchers discover new mechanisms @yale @PNASNews "
"Artificial microswimmers work together like bacteria @NatureComms "
"People born in the '80s not likely to marry their first cohabiting partner @uclnews "
"A new approach that could improve how robots interact in conversational groups "
"Making a 'sandwich' out of magnets and #topologicalinsulators shows potential for lossless electronics @advmater "
"A closer look at #Jupiter's origin story @AAS_Office "
"Predicting particulate #pollution levels from #wildfires in a warming climate @PNASNews "
"Using gene scissors to specifically eliminate individual #celltypes @KITKarlsruhe @NatureComms "
"Synthetic genetic element allows study of molecular functions in a variety of host organisms @yale @CellCellPress "
"Active galaxy RXJ0134.2-4258 investigated in detail "
"Lab-on-a-Fish integrates location, heartbeat, tail beat, and even the temperature of the surrounding environment @PNNLab "
"World-first bedside genetic test to prevent babies going deaf @AdmissionsUoM @JAMAPeds "
"#Earlyuniverse bristled with starburst #galaxies @AAS_Publishing "
"Best of Last Week  Constraining #darkmatter, mysterious giant stone jars, impact of salt intake on body "
"Researchers discover new cell type in human #lung with regenerative properties @Penn @nature "
"Study: Many birds nesting, laying eggs earlier in Chicago "
"Viruses that could save millions of lives "
"'Green #steel' heating up in Sweden's frozen north "
"Hold the salt: Study reveals how reducing #sodiumintake can help patients with #heartfailure @ualberta @TheLancet "
"New #algorithm could be quantum leap in search for gravitational waves "
"CRISPR and #HIV: New technique in human blood unveils potential paths toward cure @northwesternu @NatureComms "
"New research shows what it takes to make society change for the better @GoUMaine @RSocPublishing "
"The future of 5G+ infrastructure could be built tile by tile @georgiatech @SciReports "
"Drenching rains to pose greater threat to fire-damaged areas in West @AtmosNews @ScienceAdvances "
"Are 'person' or 'people' gender-neutral concepts? New study finds male tilt in analysis of billions of #words @ScienceAdvances "
"NASA begins critical final #test on mega Moon rocket "
"Learning gains while we #sleep originate from the #learningprocess itself and not just from using the brain @riken_en @sfnjournals "
"NASA simulator helps to shed light on mysteries of #solarsystem "
"First human challenge trial shows how COVID-19 strikes @NatureMedicine "
"Origins of the #Avars elucidated with ancient DNA @CellCellPress "
"Online tool offers insight into #catalyst manufacturing cost and #environmentalimpact @nrel @NatureCatalysis "
"Half of #olderadults now die with a #dementia diagnosis, up sharply from two decades ago @umich "
"Gene linked to hearing in humans also linked to touch in #seaanemones @elife "
"'Flash droughts' coming on faster, global study shows @utaustin "
"New perspective highlights promise of hybrid approach for cellulosic biofuel production @ORNL "
"Learning from the single cell: A new technique to unravel gene regulation @_Hubrecht @MolecularCell "
"Decoding movement and speech from the #brain of a tetraplegic person @Caltech @neurocellpress "
"Testing a machine learning approach to geophysical inversion "
"New polymer membrane tech improves efficiency of carbon dioxide capture @ncstate @sciencemagazine "
"Experiments show efficient strategies evolve better over #generations when people have a choice of a better #teacher @sciencemagazine "
"Mapping the #chromatin landscape reveals determinants of placental stem cell identity @riken_en "
"Higher doses of anti-#seizure medications may be needed in #pregnancy @northwesternu @jamaneuro "
"Ubiquitous nutrients suppress appetite and promote movement @ETH_en @currentbiology "
"Combining two molecules blocks 95% of live viral infection in lung cells "
"#Volcanicactivity may be the cause of Marsquakes @ANUmedia @NatureComms "
"Optimizing #deepbrainstimulation in patients with #dystonia @PNASNews "
"Persistent swinging of electrons between atomic sites in crystals "
"Lets be honest. Where do #EV drivers place their confidence when it comes to long distance travel in #ElectricVehicles? #Tesla "
"@bonnienorman I saw a sand-colored Lucid in Phoenix in February, I thought it was gorgeous and Im *very* picky about my cars. IMHO it is the best looking electric car since the Model S, which is still my number one. "
"@klwtts @Tesla @RyanHLevenson Moi aussi! "
"6 years ago today, I was in Hawthorne, CA helping launch the Model 3! "
"When I bought this car, there were just over a thousand Teslas in existence world wide. It was exciting to see another in the wild. We knew each other by our VINs and built our own charging network.  It doesn't even register when I see a Tesla on the road now. "
"@bonnienorman We met during the @TeslaRoadTrip cross country drive to @TeslaMotorsClub #TMC2014 when Teslas were a rare sight especially on the east coast. You were a legend even then  "
"1983 review by Aileen Kelly of Alexander Yanov's study of Ivan the Terrible. Whether reading about the czar's dread oprichnina,or the atrocities committed during his ill-starred Livonian campaign,hard not to be reminded of another,more contemporary despot. "
"The idea of a biological hierarchy of intelligence arose alongside the first theories of human evolution. It never goes away when discredited, just changes forms. "
"Ive been reading, and rereading, Solmaz Sharifs Customs, not knowing exactly what to make of its poems, and this luminous essay by @kjavadizadeh is helping me to see them in new ways.  "
"The drama of Elizabeth Hardwicks life emanated from an elemental restlessness and a desire for sovereignty over her intellect and emotion. Merve Emre on Hardwick in our latest issue. "
"Free from the archives: Scientists are seldom aware of the degree to which their ideas are influenced both by their way of perceiving the everyday world and by the constraints that our cognitive development puts on our formulations. "
"Maureen Quilligan gives us a feminist history of early modern queenship in When Women Ruled the World.  "
"The Trojan Horse plot became one of the justifications for the expansion of the anti-terrorism Prevent program, which obliges teachers and educational staff to monitor Muslim students and report anything they perceived to be suspicious activity.  "
"For the wonderful Spring Books issue of @nybooks, I wrote about Elizabeth Hardwick and the responsibilities of the literary critic. "
"Closed doors are everywhere in Solmaz Sharifs second collection of poems, Customs. What can they tell us about what this poet wants?  "
"My Stanford colleagues, Jessica Riskin and Marc Feldman, are not pulling any punches here. A really powerful critique. "
"Three memoirs by Trump administration officials reveal the integrity and moral discipline of the so-called deep state in the face of corruption and philistinism.  "
"Instead of aiming for purity, science should aspire to self-awareness and engagement in a larger project of understanding. Lucy Jakub interviews Jessica Riskin and M. W. Feldman. "
"For @nybooks, I wrote about Solmaz Sharif, closed doors, and how life might otherwise have been. "
"My take on the demise of the French left @nybooks "
"A new poem by Peter Gizzi found within.  ""Ive decided to let my inner weather out. Even in the nerves flashing, some things are only shadow. Whats up with that? My muse bruises me...."" #PeterGizzi #NowItsDark #Archeophonics "
"Jeremy Denks memoir is not just about piano lessons but about life lessonshow the artist creates a self. Reviewed by Simon Callow.  "
"In The Genetic Lottery, Kathryn Harden disguises her radically subjective view of biological essentialism as an objective fact.  "
"Hamza Syed, co-host of the Serial podcast The Trojan Horse Affair, talks with Nesrine Malik about what being Muslim in Britain means today and how journalism can make entrenched Islamophobia visible.  "
"Sergei Loznitsas documentaries, sourced from archival propaganda, have drawn criticism for what they do not show. "
"Ok, time for my regular rundown of the best articles in the latest @nybooks issue... this time for the 3/24/2022 issue. These are consistently my *least* popular tweets, so I hope the few people who read them find them helpful... "
"I didn't think I needed to read another essay on the New York Intellectuals. But I was wrong! This is the best piece of criticism I've read in a long time. "
"If youve ever been curious about how Americas so-called deep state really works, these three memoirs are a good place to start.Benjamin Nathans from our latest issue. "
"Elizabeth Hardwick understood that the expression of judgment was an act of persuasion, not coercion. The art of criticism turned on convincing readers that ones judgment was not merely a permissible opinion but a universal truth. "
"Perhaps the most important plotline of the 2022 French presidential election is not the rise of the right or Macrons grip on national politics but the failure of the left to be competitive in a country considered to be the epitome of the welfare state. "
"Our April 21 Spring Books issue is online now: with Benjamin Nathans on the so-called deep state, Nicole Rudick on Sarah Mangusos first novel, Geoffrey OBrien on Don Carlos, Merve Emre on Elizabeth Hardwick, and more.  "
"Sexualitythe word has become a sort of unfleshed abstraction as it trails along with liberty, fraternity, and equality in the youth revolutionis suddenly political. The body, the young one at least, is a class moving into the forefront of history.  "
".@nybooks revels in the richness of the work of video artists Mary Reid Kelley and Patrick Kelley while reviewing the exhibition ""Blood Moon"" and its accompanying catalog published by @fabricworkshop. #PewArtsGrants "
"One person on here with criminally few followers is @JosephONeillx, who consistently produces some of the most cutting analysis of US politics I've ever seen    "
"Ashbery wrote this about reading him: To sit down for a little while and reread some of Schuberts rare and poignant verse is like opening a window in a room that had become stuffy without ones realizing it. "
"What do moving pictures reveal and what can they remember? These are questions that Ukrainian filmmaker Sergei Loznitsas new documentary, Babi Yar. Context, asks the viewer as well as itself.  "
"The last thing Joe Biden must have expected upon fulfilling his dream of becoming president in January 2021 was that a year later he would face a Russian invasion of Ukraine and the largest armed conflict in Europe since World War II. "
"Need to press the pause button?  Enjoy a 7-minute inward journey with Sal's guided meditation to soothe your mind.   Breathe in, breathe out... "
"Is April Fools' Day just a joke to you? Sal shares the REAL history behind April 1st...  If this surprised you, you won't BELIEVE what you'll learn here "
"Wrapping up #WomensHistoryMonth with a Nobel Prize-winning biochemist whose discoveries have changed the world forever!   Follow in Dr. Jennifer Doudna's footsteps with our Biotechnology content, made possible by the support of the @AmgenFoundation   "
" It's not about where you go to college, it's about what YOU make of it!  Share your best advice for making the most of college in the replies!  For more college advice, watch this @CollegeGN webinar featuring @salkhanacademy and @angeladuckw  "
"Production and deliveries in Q1 exceeded 300k vehicles "
"Flying Through Giga Berlin"
"Axiom Mission 1 (Ax-1) is now targeting launch no earlier than Friday, April 8 at 11:17 am. EDT. Follow the mission and learn about the update below. #Ax1   "
"Up next  targeting Wednesday, April 6 for @Axiom_Space's first all-private mission to the @Space_Station "
"Falcon 9 delivered 40 spacecraft to orbit on SpaceXs fourth dedicated rideshare mission and our 150th successful launch! "
"Rideshare deployment sequence complete"
"Third burn of the second state engine complete"
"Second burn of the second stage engine complete"
"Start of rideshare deployment sequence confirmed"
"Falcon 9s first stage has landed on the Just Read the Instructions droneship "
"Fairing separation confirmed "
"Liftoff! "
"Watch Falcon 9 launch 40 spacecraft to orbit  "
"T-1 hour until Falcon 9 launches 40 spacecraft to orbit; weather forecast has improved to 60% favorable for liftoff "
"Targeting Friday, April 1 for launch of our fourth dedicated smallsat rideshare mission; teams are keeping an eye on weather as the latest forecast shows a 30% chance of favorable liftoff conditions "
" Launch update!  NASA's SpaceX #Crew4 mission is now launching no earlier than April 20 at 6:37 a.m. ET. The four astronauts are set to arrive at the @Space_Station the next day. "
"With one week until launch, the #Ax1 crew is in quarantine in Florida as they finalize preparations for the time theyll spend working and living aboard @space_station as the first all-private crew.   Meet the crew: "
"Do you want an edit button?"
"Oh hi lol"
"Berlin rocks"
"I am inspired by curiosity.   That is what drives me.   So let us expand the scope &amp; scale of consciousness so that we may aspire to understand the Universe."
"Humanity did not evolve to mourn the unborn"
"They wrote PEACE on the wall at Berghain! I refused enter."
"Flying Through Giga Berlin"
"To think I grew up 2b bizniz magnet  "
"Targeting Friday, April 1 for launch of our fourth dedicated smallsat rideshare mission; teams are keeping an eye on weather as the latest forecast shows a 30% chance of favorable liftoff conditions "
"Climate change: Wind and solar reach milestone as demand surges "
